Newspaper publisher Trinity Mirror will reveal a fall in profits tomorrow.

The FTSE 100 soared to a record high last week, but private share buyers believe politicians need to do more to encourage stock market investment, and most believe politicians do not do enough to support them.

The broadcaster ITV, which is in talks to buy the production company behind BBC1’s hit show The Voice, will report sharply increased profits this week as boss Adam Crozier’s five-year turnaround plan comes to fruition.

It counts Prince Harry among its customers and now sales at the British arm of US food giant Whole Foods have topped £100million for the first time since launching here ten years ago.

Billionaire investor Warren Buffett has admitted being ‘embarrassed’ by taking too long to exit a £1.5billion investment in Tesco as it became mired in an accounting scandal.

Chocolatier Thorntons has reported a fall in half year sales and profits after it was hit by an unexpected drop in orders from two of its grocery partners as well as warehousing problems for its UK commercial business.

 17.35:The FTSE 100 closed 6.02 points lower at 6940.64 in a sizeable comedown from today's fresh all-time trading peak of 6,974.26.

Trinity Mirror – which publishes the Daily Mirror and the People newspapers – has unveiled plans to pay its first dividend to shareholders since 2008 on the day a two week trial began in the High Court over phone-hacking claims against the company.

Marks & Spencer's Asian boss Bruce Findlay has quit the retailer amid planned store closures by the FTSE 100 group in China.

Barclays is expected to reveal today that it has set aside another £500m to pay fines for rigging foreign currency rates, taking its total bill for the scandal to £1billion.

The fabulous Footsie managed to briefly reach fresh highs in the first session of the week, but failed to sustain its momentum as a slide in commodity prices weighed on the index, despite China’s interest rate cut over the weekend.

Marks & Spencer’s Chinese business is in a state of flux after a raft of initiatives announced almost a year ago have yet to materialise.

The cure for cancer has not yet been found.

 17.40:The FTSE 100 closed down 51.51 points at at 6889.13 after Barclays results and other earnings reports disappointed traders.

London's prestigious Grosvenor House hotel has collapsed into administration after its jailed Indian owner failed to remortgage the property in a desperate attempt to raise £1billion to pay for his bail.

The sprawling empire of metal, oil and agriculture trading at Ivan Glasenberg’s Glencore offset the weak commodity prices that have crippled other mining giants.

Taylor Wimpey is more than doubling its dividend after becoming the latest builder to benefit from the recovery in the housing market.

You don't need a fortune cookie to tell you that InterContinental’s new hotel chain aimed at Chinese customers has tapped into a rich seam.

Strong sales of fresh coffee and calorie-conscious sandwiches helped Greggs post record profits last year, as the firm continued a recovery has boosted its shares 77 per cent in the past year.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 30.11 points at 6919.24 as traders look ahead to Bank of England and European Central Bank rate verdicts tomorrow.

The opulent ‘executive wing’ where disgraced former Royal Bank of Scotland boss Fred Goodwin plotted global domination is to be converted into a hub for Scottish entrepreneurs and businesses.

Tony Fernandes grabbed his car keys and called his two children.

The boss of Legal & General has backed calls for a flat rate of pension tax relief, arguing this would create a fairer system for lower earners.

The outgoing boss of Standard Chartered has waived his bonus for the first time in 13 years after profits slumped 30 per cent.

Professional punters on both sides of the Atlantic are still hooked on drugs.

Private equity tycoon Jon Moulton, who was behind the collapse of courier firm City Link, has blamed the drivers who lost their jobs for their own misfortune.

Virgin Money staff were celebrating their second bonus in a year today after the challenger bank announced bumper profits in its first set of results as a publicly-listed company.

 The FTSE 100 finished up 41.90 points at 6961.14, hitting a new record closing high as traders reacted to news that the European Central Bank would kick off its €1trillion government bond-buying programme next Monday.

Aerospace and defence engineer Cobham today posted an 81 per cent fall in annual pretax profits knocked by on-off costs associated with a big US acquisition as well as problems in military and security markets which were only partially offset by a growing civilian business.

The boss of the London Stock Exchange is eyeing up a fresh wave of stock market listings following the best year for floats since 2007.

 The FTSE 100 finished up 41.90 points at 6961.14, hitting a new record closing high as traders reacted to news that the European Central Bank would kick off its €1trillion government bond-buying programme next Monday.

Profits at blue chip motor insurer Admiral have fallen for the first time in a decade as it wrote fewer car policies in the 'highly competitive' UK market.

The boss of the London Stock Exchange is looking forward to a fresh wave of stock market listings as the market enjoyed its best year for flotations since 2007.

When Weir Group walked away from its £3.7billion bid for Finnish rock crushing group Metso last May, its shares were changing hands not far short of £26.

The European Central Bank will next week unleash a massive money printing programme - a full six years after the Bank of England had taken the initiative and launched quantitative easing in Britain.

Aviva gave long-suffering shareholders a major boost on Thursday as the insurance giant raised its dividend by 30 per cent after a rise in profits.

After presiding over the first fall in profits for a decade, the boss of car insurance firm Admiral Group clearly has plenty on his mind.

Bargain sofa company DFS saw little fanfare on its return to the London stock market today after a ten year absence, only posting a small premium after being priced near the bottom of its offer range.

 5.20:The FTSE 100 finished down 49.34 points at 6911.80 as healthy US jobs data sparked worries that a rate hike across the Atlantic is getting closer.

Fears of an imminent rise in US interest rates after February’s employment data showed the booming economy created a much larger-than-expected 295,000 jobs during the month and that the unemployment rate had dropped to 5.5 per cent, prompted an early nervy 241 point fall on Wall Street.

Unilever chief executive Paul Polman received a 24 per cent pay hike for the period in which third quarter sales were the worst for four years.

The world is running out of diamonds but the boss of De Beers, Philippe Mellier, doesn’t seem too bothered: after all, he knows a diamond is forever.

Marks & Spencer will this week launch a scheme to allow tens of thousands of its small shareholders to swap dividends for discounts.

Sir Philip Green is on the verge of breaking up his Arcadia fashion empire and is thought to be just days away from announcing a deal.

The ousted chief executive of Morrisons supermarket will receive a £3million pay-off, despite presiding over a collapse in profits in the past two years.

Sir Martin Sorrell’s WPP, the world’s leading advertising agency, will report a rise in profits when it unveils its annual results tomorrow.

 17.40:The FTSE 100 finished down 35.33 points at 6876.47 as more wrangling over Greece's reform programme overshadowed the launch of QE in the eurozone.

17.15 (close):Banking giant HSBC prevented the FTSE 100 Index from testing record highs today after its profits tumbled.

Advertising giant WPP has posted record annual profits but warned that the upcoming UK election could severely damage business regardless of who wins.

Midatech Pharma chief executive, Jim Phillips has big ambitions for the life sciences company which listed on AIM late last year.

Fears over the collapse of the world’s biggest cement deal saw shares in industrial giant CRH begin to soften.

Virgin Atlantic gained some much-needed altitude as it posted a £14million profit – its first since 2011 – after turning around a £51million loss.

 17.55:The FTSE 100 closed down 173.63 points at 6702.84 as the Greek debt drama spooked markets again and the oil price plummeted back towards $56.

Challenger bank Aldermore has seen its shares leap on its first day of conditional trading on the London Stock Exchange even after its offer price was set near the top of an initial market range.

Online grocer Ocado enjoyed a sales boost in its first quarter, with retail revenues rising 15.2 per cent to £252million in the 12 weeks to 22 February.

More than £1.3billion was wiped off the value of Prudential as the insurance giant announced its long serving boss Tidjane Thiam is to step down.

MPs have slammed the City watchdog for failing to ensure small businesses mis-sold complex interest rate swaps are properly compensated.

Chairman Geoff Morrow must have been all shook up when shares of investment company Gate Ventures soared 55 per cent on their AIM debut.

G4S has still not regained the Government’s confidence after a string of blunders scarred its reputation, the security giant’s boss admitted.

Luxury investment firm House of Britannia – which owns Cornella James, glove maker to the Queen – is floating on the smaller GXG market ahead of an eventual listing on AIM.

George Osborne received a double boost ahead of the Budget last night as the outlook for the economy and the public finances picked up.

The City watchdog is investigating Lloyds after a leaked internal email raised fresh concerns about its high pressure sales culture.

Embattled Antofagasta has been ordered to knock down a dam it built in the latest blow to the Chilean copper miner.

One of the first actions of Paul Manduca when he took the helm at the Prudential in 2012 was to call in boardroom hiring specialists Egon Zehnder.

Ocado has seen a big rise in sales and is planning a major investment programme despite a tough environment for retailers.

17.30:Blue-chip shares staged a muted recovery today after stock market jitters forced a £44billion correction in the value of the FTSE 100 Index in the previous session.

Around 130 Lloyds branch managers and regional bosses will be dispatched to Villa Park, home of Aston Villa football club, next Tuesday.

Sterling surged yet again versus the euro today to more than €1.42 to the pound as the single currency continues to suffer from the eurozone political crisis over Greece's bailout.

Political uncertainty caused by the upcoming election and talk of a mansion tax has scared rich property buyers into delaying buying houses in central London, estate agent Foxtons said today.

Manchester-based online fashion retailer Boohoo.com and plus-sized peer N Brown experienced contrasting fortunes on the London stock market today following trading updates.

Peter Spencer will not give George Osborne marks out of ten – but instead says the Chancellor deserves ‘two cheers’ for his stewardship of the British economy.

Estate agent Foxtons yesterday warned that the housing market will ‘remain subdued’ until after the General Election as it declared 2014 was a year of ‘contrasting halves’.

Pharmaceuticals group Hikma disappointed investors with a slowdown in sales growth for 2015, prompting an 8 per cent fall in its shares during early trading.

Founder and former boss Sir Bill Gammell stepped down as chairman from Cairn Energy a year ago when the spectre of an unresolved tax dispute in India continued to hang over the company he founded more than 30 years ago.

The British industrial champion behind supermarket bar codes and bingo tickets is to be snapped up by an overseas rival.

Defence giant BAE Systems has snapped up £257million of Government funding for the final stage of work designing the next generation nuclear submarine for the Royal Navy.

Plus-sized fashion retailer N Brown blamed a continued hangover from autumn’s unseasonably warm weather for its second profit warning in six months.

CLOSE:The FTSE 100 recorded a second day on the up after recent heavy losses, with TSB shares rocketing 23 per cent on bid talk.

Embattled train operator First Group has poached the boss of product testing giant Intertek to become its new chairman.

Spanish bank Sabadell has tabled a £1.7billion bid to takeover TSB, the self-styled British local banking champion spun out of Lloyds and floated on the stock market last summer.

Employee-owned retail group John Lewis Partnership has cut its bonus payout to staff to 11 per cent of salary after the eponymous department stores to Waitrose supermarkets firm reported a 9 per cent fall in profits.

Multiplex owner Cineworld has doubled annual pretax profits thanks to blockbuster films including The Lego Movie, Inbetweeners 2 and Dawn of the Planet of the Apes, which together grossed £100.4million in 12 months.

Shares inASOSjumped more than 17 per cent as the online fashion retailer reported strong sales growth in the UK and an improved performance in its international markets after a difficult 2014.

Luxury bag-maker Mulberry has finally landed a new boss, naming fashion veteran Thierry Andretta as its new chief executive to head its recovery.

An armada of acquisitions has seen British companies from airports to power giants land in the hands of Spanish owners.

The boss of Serco will give up his bonus after the Government contractor plunged to a £1.4billion loss amid financial hits and a major fundraising from shareholders.

The boss of Shell has received a pay package of almost £20million for a year in which the oil price slumped and the group cut jobs in the UK.

Multiplex owner Cineworld has doubled annual profits on the back of blockbuster films including The Lego Movie, Inbetweeners 2 and Dawn of the Planet of the Apes, which together took £100.4million in 12 months.

Still trading more than £10 a share below US drugs giant Pfizer’s proposed takeover price, much to the chagrin of many small shareholders, AstraZeneca became popular ahead of this weekend’s American College of Cardiology meeting in California.

Waitrose boss Mark Price warned the grocery sector is set for ten years of turmoil as supermarkets play catch up with changing shopping habits.

For many people, TSB is still remembered for its 1980s slogan: The bank that likes to say ‘Yes’.

The new chairman of Morrisons has slammed the brakes on growing its network of convenience stores after the supermarket posted its worst annual profit in eight years.

Shares inHome Retailfell by 9 per cent today after the stores group revealed tumbling sales at its Argos chain due to weaker demand for video games and high-end televisions amid a tougher market for consumer electronics.

17.25:The FTSE 100 Index ended a rollercoaster week in the red today as more oil price weakness and the latest political intervention by Labour party leader Ed Miliband hit energy stocks.17.25: London's top-flight closed 20.5 points lower at 6740.6, or 2.5 per cent off its level when trading ended last Friday.

Wetherspoon's has unleashed a price war to win more breakfast customers.

Sainsbury’s is set for more pain as the supermarket price war takes its toll on Britain’s third largest grocer, which is expected to post a fifth successive quarter of falling sales.

George Osborne has had a torrid five years as Chancellor and potentially the Budget he delivers on Wednesday could be his last if the Tories lose, or if the Prime Minister decides to shift him in a post-election reshuffle.

Embattled Afren has struck an emergency deal with its lenders to remain afloat in a move that will see its shareholders all but wiped out.

For the many Footsie firms with massive exposure to oil, it couldn’t have been worse news.

The property developer who has tabled an offer for Britain’s oldest department store chain at a 48 per cent discount to its closing share price, has amassed support from 71.21 per cent of the voting shareholders.

Bosses often make exaggerated claims for the quality of their products.

Fashion group Joules saw profits leap by 23 per cent last year and it hopes for a further boost after the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge carried one of their bags on their recent holiday to Mustique.

Next will this week announce its biggest ever profit when it unveils its annual results on Thursday.

A British firm that helps make parts for the Airbus A320 neo has secured £3.1million of investment.

The entrepreneurs behind a new self-service currency-exchange kiosk that allows customers to convert unwanted foreign currency into sterling, euros or US dollars, have raised nearly £100,000 more than their £275,000 target in seed funding – in just eight days.

Business Secretary Vince Cable has backed Spanish bank Sabadell’s £1.7 billion bid for TSB, saying the deal could provide a much-needed boost to small business lending.

Sir Martin Sorrell, boss of the world’s biggest advertising group WPP, is facing investor and political fury after it emerged that his pay package was likely to be almost £36million last year.

Sir Philip Green demanded written assurances from the new owner of BHS that it would not asset-strip the 180-strong department-store chain.

There have been plenty of legendary investors in the US, but here in Britain we have only one: Neil Woodford.

Alliance Trust supremo Katherine Garrett-Cox is facing a campaign by aggressive US hedge fund Elliott Advisors to shake up her £3.6billion investment trust.

George Osborne is expected to unveil tax breaks for the North Sea in this week's budget with incentives to encourage investment in the sector and a possible cut in the headline rate of tax.

17.30:Supermarket rivals Sainsbury's and Tesco helped the FTSE 100 Index return to positive territory as the London market looked to recover from its worst week of the year so far.

The chairman of online electrical appliances retailer AO World has sold the majority of his shares in firm just a month after it issued a profit warning.

A £33billion mega-merger to create the world’s largest cement maker has broken down after one of the parties demanded better terms.

Sir Philip Green’s announcement last week that he is selling BHS for a nominal £1 to an obscure buyer called Retail Acquisitions has created bafflement among followers of the veteran tycoon.

Britain’s troubled supermarkets made the running in London on Monday as investors hunted down bargains in the wake of the stock market’s worst week so far this year.

A £33billion mega-merger to create the world’s largest cement maker has broken down after one of the parties demanded better terms.

16.55:The FTSE 100 closed the session 33.53 points higher at 6,837.61.

Fashion retailer French Connection - best know for its FCUK logo - reported yet another loss today as its boss Stephen Marks warned that trading on the high street remains tough.

Sainsbury’s posted a fifth consecutive quarter of falling sales as competition from the discounters and food price deflation hit trading and are expected to continue to do so for the rest of the year.

Shares in specialist lender OneSavings Bank jumped more than 8 per cent today after it revealed that its maiden annual profits more than doubled thanks to strong growth in its buy-to-let loan book and cost-control measures.

Trinity Mirror– which publishes the Daily Mirror and the People newspapers – today confirmed it was in ‘early stage’ talks to buy assets from the owner of the Daily Express.

The EU's watchdog has accused the European Investment Bank of 'maladministration' over an investigation into Glencore's tax affairs in Zambia.

The great dividing line between the main parties as we head towards the election campaign is wealth.

Green flights are flashing for the City’s biggest flotation of the year.

Eleven Barclays bosses have enjoyed a bumper pre-budget giveaway, receiving bonuses worth more than £16million in total.

French Connection’s boss spooked the City when he warned of tough High Street trading despite the fashion chain moving closer to making a profit.

HSBC is closing the Jersey bank accounts of foreign customers as part of a crackdown on financial crime, including money laundering and tax evasion.

George Osborne will today pledge to deliver a 'truly national recovery' in his sixth and final Budget before the General Election in May.

Britain's economy is in better shape than thought just three months ago, the Office for Budget Responsibility will reveal today.

15.15:The Footsie stormed higher in afternoon trading as the chancellor George Osborne delivered a Budget for savers, introducing a new ‘Help to Buy’ Isa which excited housing-related stocks, and confirmed a tax lifeline to the North Sea oil & gas sector, boosting energy stocks.

Energy giant SSE has been fined £100,000 after over-claiming billpayer-backed subsidies.

Wall Street rebounded more than 300 points after the Federal Reserve removed its pledge to be ‘patient’ in respect to its first hike in US interest rates, which have been kept at a record low of close to 0 per cent, since the financial crisis in 2008.

Retailers received a welcome boost as the Chancellor set out more details of the wide-ranging review into business rates.

Accesso, which makes handheld devices that replace the need to queue at theme parks, saw a 60 per cent rise in profits after striking a deal to sell tickets to Thorpe Park owner Merlin Entertainments, online.

Britain's oil and gas industry received an ‘essential lifeline’ from the Chancellor in the shape of £1.3billion of support.

As a long suffering shareholder in Britain’s two state controlled banks – Lloyds and Royal Bank of Scotland – I have more reason than most to resent the Government’s £5.3billion tax raid on the sector.

Shares in outsourcing companies shot up after it was made easier for them to win public contracts by George Osborne.

Will wonders never cease?

George Osborne said he planned to increase sales of longer-maturing gilts after interest charges dropped by a hefty £35billion in the past few months, because of lower inflation and lower welfare payouts as a rising number of Britons found work.

Engineering conglomerate Smith Group has become the latest firm to be hit by global currency movements as sales and profits stalled.

Nat Rothschild’s struggling coal miner is one step closer to a new lease of life after bondholders agreed to a complex debt swap.

Holiday makers and thriving exports between France and the UK helped Eurotunnel report a near 90 per cent leap in profits today.

14.15:The Footsie saw its gains eroded further in mid afternoon trade after having hit a new record high in opening deals as US stocks started lower on some profit taking following a Federal Reserve-inspired leap yesterday.

Shares in some of Britain’s biggest pub groups, brewery firms and drink-makers rose as investors toasted cuts in the price of their favourite tipples.

The boss of BAE Systems enjoyed a 41 per cent hike to his 2014 pay, taking his total package to £3.5million despite the company’s sales and profits falling.

 Next chief executive Lord Wolfson has trimmed annual sales forecasts after disappointment over the performance of his current ranges.

High Street fashion retailer Ted Baker has delivered a sparkling set of full year results, driven by strong sales over the Christmas period and its rapidly expanding e-commerce division.

The Footsie nudged closer to the elusive 7,000 landmark barrier today as investors welcomed the US Federal Reserve's caution over raising interest rates and continued to react positively to yesterday's Budget.

The 1939 US advertising campaign ‘Diamonds are Forever’ is still helping De Beers shift its precious stones in the country and pushed diamond jewellery sales to a record £55bn last year.

 Biopharma takeover mania continues to grip world stockmarkets.

The political row over Britain’s shrinking defence budget, at a time when the Cameron-led Coalition has fixed the percentage spent on foreign aid, has bubbled back to the surface amid rising geopolitical tensions.

The City watchdog has claimed a major scalp in Britain’s biggest insider-trading scandal.

George Osborne was yesterday accused of a ‘pretty remarkable change in economic philosophy’ after watering down his austerity plans ahead of the General Election.

 Oil industry veteran and Genel Energy boss Tony Hayward has received 41.5 per cent hike in his pay and perks package despite the firm’s £213m loss last year.

EnQuest is the latest oil explorer to write down millions in the face of the tumbling oil price but said it will be boosted by Budget tax breaks.

15.15:The FTSE 100 Index jumped above the 7,000-mark today for the first time in its history, reaching an all-time peak of 7,017.44, and looking set to record a closing high above the psychologically-important level.

Luxury shoe brand Jimmy Choo narrowed its losses as it stepped up its Asian expansion, the recently-listed firm revealed today.

 Challenger bank TSB has insisted it will have more firepower to ‘break the stranglehold’ of the high street giants after agreeing a £1.7bn takeover bid from Spanish lender Sabadell.

Discount supermarket Aldi is preparing to trial its first online grocery store in the UK, a German industry journal reported today, although the company played down the suggestion.

The blue-chip index of leading shares rose above the 7000 level for the first time in history, as a well-received budget and developments from the US Federal Reserve drove investor optimism to historic highs.

 London's blue-chip FTSE 100 index smashed through the psychologically important 7,000 point mark for the first time and closed at its highest point in history.

It was a largely stock market-friendly Budget from George Osborne which helped push the Footsie to an all-time high, above 7,000 points.

Alliance Trust warns that a boardroom shake-up being planned by a US activist investor would threaten the company’s survival.

A former British Gas boss criticised for his ‘lavish’ windfalls has been put in charge of pay at HSBC, writes Peter Campbell.

Shares in British cement giant CRH received a boost after its two biggest rivals agreed to a £33bn mega-merger.

Constable Dogberry in Shakespeare’s Much Ado About Nothing mangles every word he utters - and so do many business leaders.

Billion-pound online shopping group N Brown has restructured its operating board after a profit warning that saw its shares fall last month.

Oil investment company Highlands Natural Resources will join the main London stock market this week with a plan to snap up bargain-price oil wells.

Two top executives who quit B&Q owner Kingfisher in an overhaul of the group’s management will receive payoffs totalling almost £5million.

Creditors owed cash following the collapse of the restaurant run by MasterChef host Gregg Wallace have received just 38p for every pound they were owed, according to liquidators.

The new owner of department store BHS is talking to top suppliers and credit insurers in a bid to place the business on a sure footing after this month’s surprise acquisition from Sir Philip Green.

Embattled infrastructure giant Balfour Beatty is expected to fall into the red this week following a year in which it issued four profits warnings.

 17.40:The FTSE 100 finished up 15.16 points at 7037.67 - topping last week's all-time closing high to set a fresh record.

 Halfords supersized its search for a new boss with the appointment of McDonald’s head of UK and Northern European operations as its next chief executive.

Investors have sold off the pound again today amid fears that the UK economy is slowing ahead of the upcoming General Election in May and on the prospect of deflation taking hold in the world's sixth largest economy.

 Banks were the focus in the City yesterday as chatter emerged that Chancellor George Osborne’s plan to raise the bank levy could lead to Standard Chartered and HSBC quitting London.

 More people should have been prosecuted for having Swiss bank accounts with HSBC, a controversial former tax chief at HMRC has said.

Deep inside a large warehouse on an industrial estate in North-West London is a full-sized supermarket, a pub, and a cash-and-carry.

Politicians probing the collapse of City Link have called for changes in insolvency laws after it emerged it is cheaper for firms to ‘break the law’ and pay a fine than to comply with legal requirements to consult staff.

Fever-Tree toasted a buoyant 2014 with sales and profits rising as the company strengthened its market share.

The US telecoms goliath behind Virgin Media has ruled out a takeover of ITV – but says it wants to work more closely with the broadcaster.

 George Osborne yesterday admitted that Britain does not export enough after orders from overseas fell at the fastest pace for more than two years.

State-backed Royal Bank of Scotland has announced plans to reduce its stake in US bank Citizens by nearly a quarter as it continues to shift its focus back towards its UK retail and commercial market.

Dairy Crest’s planned disposal of its milk business to German yoghurt giant Müller has been called in by Britain’s competition watchdog.

 17.40:The FTSE 100 finished down 17.99 points at 7019.68 as confidence seeped away after the index set a new trading record of 7,065.08 earlier in the day.

Profits at blue chip plumbing giant Wolseley fell by two thirds after the group took a £245million financial hit from the value of its Nordic operations.

David Potts, the new boss of struggling supermarket chain William Morrison has moved to clear the decks at the blue chip group by ditching five members of its management team.

 An absolute tidal wave of mergers in biotechs over the past year or so – where smaller firms have been acquired by cash-rich major drug companies looking for a new source of growth – shows no signs of abating.

The boss of the City watchdog faces a growing backlash from Westminister with Treasury ministers and MPs raising ‘serious doubts’ about his leadership.

UK inflation is dead.

The number of women in City boardrooms has nearly doubled in four years, with almost a quarter of FTSE 100 board positions filled by females – but campaigners are calling for more to be done.

Mitie has been forced to begin a review into one part of its home care business after facing allegations over the way it treated its workers.

The Morrisons director who recruited Ant & Dec to front the grocer’s ad campaign is among five executives chopped as part of a dramatic boardroom cull.

 17.20:The FTSE 100 finished down 28.71 points at 6990.97 after Greece became embroiled in a new row with its euro partners and was given a Monday deadline to firm up reform plans.

If US hedge fund Elliott Advisors thought Katherine Garrett-Cox would be a pushover when they launched their campaign to shake up the £3.6billion investment trust she runs, they got the wrong woman.

Unimpressed fund managers had probably seen Moneysupermarket.com Dave's Epic strut ad on the TV.

BT has 'laid down the gauntlet' to rivals by launching its own mobile service a year before its £12.5billion takeover of EE has completed.

The world's most famous ketchup and baked beans-maker is set to merge with fellow American processed food behemoth Kraft Foods in a £70billion mega-deal backed by investment guru Warren Buffett.

The founder of Monitise has left the mobile-payments group after failing to sell the business in a move that wiped a quarter of the value from the company’s shares.

Breakdown rescue firm AA plans to cut its crippling debt payments and pay a maiden dividend by raising £935million as part of its restructuring plan.

Infrastructure firm Balfour Beatty requires a 'culture change' to put behind it a history of blunders, its new boss has said.

The Bank of England has been heavily criticised over a systems meltdown last year which jeopardised billions of pounds of financial transactions, including thousands of mortgages.

Britain should not panic and cut interest rates despite heading for the first dose of deflation for more than half a century, Bank of England officials declared yesterday.

The Bank of England is wheeling out its big guns to tell us to calm down about zero inflation after maverick chief economist Andy Haldane broke ranks and suggested a rate cut to combat falling prices could be on the cards.

The UK government has sold a further 1 per cent stake in Lloyds Banking Group as it continues to reduce its holdings in the bailed-out lender ahead of the upcoming general election in May.

The founder of Monitise has left the mobile-payments group after failing to sell the business in a move that wiped a quarter of the value from the company’s shares.

 17.40:The FTSE 100 finished down 95.64 points at 6895.33 as a deepening conflict in Yemen and concerns about US growth and Greek debt rattled investors across the world.

Low cost carrier easyJet said its seasonal losses from October to March will be less than first thought after the airline received a boost from lower oil prices and a recent tumble in the euro.

SuperGroup has struck a deal with TV and film star Idris Elba to design and model a new fashion range, as the Superdry owner's new boss Euan Sutherland looks to stamp his authority on the retailer.

Royal Dutch Shell has today announced further jobs cuts at its North Sea operations and plans to increase its staff working hours as it struggles to tackle costs after being hit by a slump in oil prices.

The London stock market fell sharply today as air strikes in the Middle East sent the world oil price soaring 6 per cent.

Investors continued to dismount at Ladbrokes, still seemingly unimpressed with the appointment of Jim Mullen as the successor to out-going chief executive Richard Glynn.

Royal Bank of Scotland and disgraced former boss Fred Goodwin have been blasted by a High Court judge for resisting demands to hand over private emails sent during the financial crisis as part of a £5billion lawsuit.

Air strikes in the Middle East, worries over global growth and uncertainty over the General Election have sent London shares sliding again today as the index looks set to close down for its fourth straight session in a row.

It's an unlikely forum in which to hold Goliaths of the business world to account.

A series of fatal airline disasters in the past year – the worst since 9/11 in 2001 – racked up £310million of losses for Lloyd’s insurance market.

The former boss of Centrica has pledged to give part of his £600,000 bonus to charity in a bid to curb anger over the sector – days before he collects a £1.4million share windfall.

SuperGroup’s new chief executive is to transform the fashion brand from its market stall roots to a professional corporate outfit through a wide-ranging shake up.

  17.35:The FTSE 100 closed down 40.31 points at 6855.02 after a dismal week on markets, which ended with Greece's finance minister Yanis Varoufakis denying claims in a German newspaper he could quit.

The Co-operative Bank said it was ‘stronger’ than a year ago as it posted smaller losses but announced a further 57 branch closures after warning there was still ‘much to do’ to return it to be a sustainable business.

Saudi air strikes on the Yemen meant it was another volatile week for oil prices.

Carnival was riding on the crest of a wave yesterday as holidaymakers sought the sun on its Caribbean cruises.

After guiding Barratt Developments through the financial crisis and riding the crest of the latest house price wave, chief executive Mark Clare is to hand over the shovel to finance director David Thomas.

Pension scheme members at struggling BHS have been sent letters reassuring them over future payouts after the sale of the High Street chain to Retail Acquisitions earlier this month.

The Co-op Bank has come under fire over plans to pay its boss up to £4.5million, despite lurching to its third consecutive annual loss, sacking almost 1,000 staff and shutting 72 branches.

He turns 69 on Thursday but the company founded by music impresario Raymond Gubbay – whose productions include opera, ballet and the Christmas Festival concerts – is still going strong.

 Britain could miss out on billions of pounds from tourists as rival nations outspend on marketing to lure visitors.

 The boss of Alliance Trust has come under mounting pressure to bow to investors’ wishes or quit, after a broadside from a former board director.

 17.35:The FTSE 100 closed up 36.41 points at 6891.43 as commodity stocks rose on hopes that China has a fresh round of stimulus measures in the works.

Alliance Trust chief executive Katherine Garrett-Cox has been shortlisted for the Veuve Clicquot Businesswoman of the Year award as pressure mounts from investors.

 17.50:The FTSE 100 closed down 118.39 points at 6773.04 as the oil price fell back to $55 a barrel and commodity stocks took a hammering.

Private equity boss Jon Moulton has hit back at an ‘unfounded and unfair’ report published by MPs into collapsed City Link.

The pound is set for its worst month for two years against the US dollar amid worries about the outcome of the General Election.

Books closed yesterday on Shawbrook, the latest of the challenger banks wanting to become a public company, and by all accounts its IPO will be a resounding success.

 17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 36.46 points at 6809.50 as oil prices made gains amid uncertainty over the outcome of Iran nuclear negotiations.

Shares of Real Good Food turned sour on another profits warning.

Online fashion chain Asos took drastic action to boost trading by cutting prices, causing its half-year profits to fall 10 per cent.

The world of fashion may appear to some as a fluffy, vacuous domain populated by models and fashionistas draped in the latest bizarre creations, but it is a valuable sector – demonstrated this week by the £2.3billion mega-merger of luxury fashion websites Net-a-Porter and Italian giant Yoox.

Quindell has been embarrassed after a basic error by a hapless bean-counter caused the company’s shares to be suspended from trading for hours.

It is the world’s largest furniture chain and probably as famous for its meatballs as its sofas.

Demand for FirstGroup’s British buses and trains helped the transport giant to offset a tougher time in the US.

 17.20:The FTSE 100 closed up 23.96 points at 6833.46 as Iran nuclear talks and Greek debt negotiations preoccupied traders ahead of the four-day Easter holiday.

Marks & Spencer broke its spell of 14 consecutive quarters of falling clothing sales thanks to a strong performance by its Limited fast-fashion brand.

Some have called it the Wild West – and not without some justification.

 Car sales in March are expected to hit a record high for the key ‘15-plate’ registration month when they are officially announced next week.

 Builders are more confident than at any time in the past nine years despite a slowdown in business thanks to concerns about the General Election, figures showed yesterday.

 Eyebrows were raised in some quarters after multimillionaire entrepreneur and Labour peer Lord Alli splashed out more than £99,000 on buying 152,500 shares at 65p-a-pop in India-focused online fashion retailer Koovs, increasing his stake to 4.9m shares or 20.1 per cent.

A senior HSBC executive has privately admitted another major regulatory breach is a ‘cast-iron certainty’, according to reports.

Private equity-owned Center Parcs is hoping a new £146m resort in Ireland will make the group more attractive to a potential buyer.

The war of words between Alliance Trust and hedge fund Elliott Advisors stepped up a gear yesterday when the investment trust denied pulling the wool over the eyes of investors on costs.

An interest rate increase in the US this summer looks much less likely after jobs data came in significantly below expectations yesterday.

Mitie's investigation into its home care division is taking longer than expected as the firm tries to get to the bottom of damaging allegations about the way it treated staff.

Ericsson has chosen Britain to develop the next generation of internet technology.

Britain's biggest retirement home builder has bolstered its board ahead of a potential stock market listing later this year.

 The construction sector is expected to grow at a decent clip this year even after March’s pre-election wobble.

John Lewis is poised to make its first foray on to the Continent this year with a deal that will see it sell its own branded products in another retailer’s stores.

 Bank of England officials will this week clash over interest rates in the UK as they battle to keep the economic recovery on track.

Lawyers acting on behalf of more than 300 former staff of collapsed courier firm City Link said they are taking their compensation case to an employment tribunal.

Kellogg's was last night urged to come clean over its tax arrangements after it emerged it effectively paid no corporation tax in Britain in 2013.

The Serious Fraud Office has come under fire for launching just 12 investigations last year, despite receiving more than 2,500 reports of fraud or corruption from whistleblowers.

UK politics have an enormous impact on share prices: don’t they?

The stock market has performed twice as well under a Conservative government as it has under Labour, according to performance statistics dating back to 1970.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 finished up 128.31 points at 6961.77 as a less than inspiring US jobs report released on Good Friday sparked hopes the Federal Reserve would keep rates frozen beyond the summer.

US parcels giant FedEx has made a £3.2bn takeover bid for Netherlands-based rival TNT Express.

Shares in Irish budget airline Ryanair found gains today after it revealed a boost in customer numbers for March and was boosted by an upgrade in rating by broker JPMorgan Cazenove.

The Bank of England has warned that the UK’s £98bn current account deficit could trigger panic in the markets if the economy deteriorates.

 Cash-rich Chinese investors are expected to hoover up billions of pounds worth of hotel assets this year.

Bill Clinton famously said: ‘It’s the economy, stupid!’ that decides elections.

 Britain’s recovering economy has ‘moved up a gear’, boosting the Conservatives ahead of next month’s General Election, according to figures published yesterday.

 The US film studio behind the award-winning 2010 film The King’s Speech is on the cusp of selling its television arm to ITV in a £600m mega-deal.

 17.25:The FTSE 100 finished down 24.36 points at 6937.41 as investors got the jitters over pending US Fed minutes which will reveal its current stance on interest rates.

 Lloyds faces a bruising battle with a care home operator that has accused it of mis-selling complex financial instruments linked to the rigged Libor interest rate.

A sales boom at Aldi has seen the budget retailer overtake Waitrose as the sixth-largest supermarket in the country, figures revealed today.

Pay-TV giant Sky was at the centre of takeover rumours today as reports said French media group Vivendi was looking at a possible move for the part Murdoch-owned firm which is listed on the London stock exchange.

Sales of new cars have hit their highest level so far this century as the economic recovery gathers pace, figures showed yesterday.

 Royal Dutch Shell is planning a £20bn sell-off of assets to create a leaner oil giant after its £47bn swoop for rival BG Group.

 And the next one please.

As a champion middle distance runner, Nigel Wilson has a good claim to being the fastest FTSE 100 chief executive on two legs.

 Tesco and Sainsbury’s have continued to lose market share this year despite rising sales, industry figures showed.

 Social media giant Twitter is preparing to fend off takeover interest from industry giants thought to include Facebook and Google.

The boss of Royal Dutch Shell said his £47bn swoop for BG Group was not just about the collapse in the oil price – but admitted cheaper crude did play a part.

The future of BP as an independent company was thrown into doubt yesterday as analysts said BG’s takeover will prompt a wave of consolidation in the struggling sector.

Engineering consultancy Atkins has become the latest firm to warn over the potential impact of the General Election on its business.

Luxury bag-maker Mulberry expects full-year profits to be slightly ahead of expectations thanks to improved demand since the launch of its new spring/summer collection in November and cost-cutting.

 17.10:The FTSE 100 closed up 77.95 points at at 7015.36 as investors took heart from rises in oil and copper prices and Greece's debt repayment to the IMF.

Billions of barrels of oil have been discovered at a site near Gatwick Airport in West Sussex, the largely rural county that could controversially become Britain's Texas.

The Co-operative Group unveiled plans to open 100 new convenience food stores today as it returned to profit after two years of turmoil.

Poundland faces a full-blown investigation by the competition watchdog into its planned takeover of rival 99p Stores.

The Co-op Group edged back into profit last year, but only after selling its farms and pharmacies.

Handbag maker Mulberry revealed that its turnaround strategy may be finally working.

Royal Dutch Shell’s swoop on BG Group will face a series of hurdles including competition fears and questions over the ownership of some of its newly acquired assets.

Soap giant PZ Cussons says trading has stabilised after a tumultuous six months in its main market of Nigeria.

Burberry strutted its stuff on the Footsie catwalk as dealers heard revived industry whispers that the luxury goods group best known for its distinctive camel, red and black check raincoats and scarves, could soon have a new owner.

17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 74.41 points at 7089.77 - a new record closing high, but just off this afternoon's trading peak of 7,095.36.

 High street wine seller Majestic has uncorked a deal to buy online rival Naked Wines for up to £70m.

A bounty of 100billion barrels of oil is a big find anywhere - especially when it’s just a few miles away from Gatwick airport.

The Australian tycoon claiming to have struck oil in Sussex is pruning down his directorships to focus on making his next fortune.

Blue chips put in a buoyant performance in the shortened week after the Easter holidays, mainly thanks to takeover activity, both real – Shell’s mega-bid for BG – and imagined, with deal chatter still surrounding the likes of Burberry and InterContinental Hotels.

 The threat of huge fines cast a shadow over two of the world’s biggest banks yesterday.

Shares in value fashion retailerBonmarchéfell by more than 5 per cent today after the group said ‘difficult’ trading conditions on the High Street hit sales in the first quarter.

Constable Dogberry in Shakespeare’s Much Ado About Nothing mangles every word he utters - and so do many business leaders.

Nick Wheeler, the founder of upmarket shirt retailer Charles Tyrwhitt, enjoyed a hefty £15.7 million payday last year after his company saw sales jump by a fifth.

Casino operator Aspers has reported a jump in turnover after its flagship casino in London’s Westfield Stratford City shopping centre attracted more high-spending customers and following the successful launch of its newest site in Milton Keynes.

Banks could be forced to pay out billions more pounds in compensation for mis-selling payment protection insurance as they continue to be swamped by complaints from customers.

 BP boss Bob Dudley received £1.7m in pensions benefits last year, almost ten times the average pensions payment handed to a FTSE 100 director.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed down 25.47 points at 7064.30, drifting off last Friday's record high after dismal trade data out of China sparked concerns about global growth prospects and hit mining stocks.

Budget hotel chain Travelodge could be put up for sale in the coming year for more than £1billion with its owners understood to be in the process of appointing advisers to consider strategic options.

Whether the Duchess of Cambridge’s second child is a boy or a girl, it’s likely to be good news for the City.

The pound fell to fresh five-year lows versus the dollar today, weakened by uncertainty ahead of next month’s general election and by an ever-lower interest rate outlook.

Shell has announced it will sell 185 UK service stations to two independent forecourt operators by the end of this year as it continues with its plan to reduce its retail operations across Europe in the wake of lower oil prices.

Downbeat broker talk and dire Chinese trade data left miners in a hole on Monday.

The British film studio behind James Bond and Star Wars is facing a renewed assault from an activist investor who wants to de-throne its long-serving chairman.

A clutch of existing frequent flyers and shareholders have backed Victor's latest £5.5million fund-raising, which will see the upstart private jet firm take its smartphone booking app to the US for the first time.

With characteristic absence of modesty, US giant GE informs visitors to its website that it is single-handedly driving a new global industrial revolution.

One of the curiosities to emerge since Ed Miliband vowed to abolish non-domicile tax status, a pledge underlined in the 'Britain can be Better' manifesto, is that almost all Britain's top bankers enjoy this status.

Almost a quarter of British firms are paying far lower taxes than the rates demanded by the countries in which they operate, an international study has suggested.

Deloitte has been fined £3million for failings over the collapse of MG Rover a decade ago.

Growing profits at Travelodge have enabled the owners of the budget hotelier to book in a sale or a float, valuing the chain at more than £1billion.

Ed Miliband has promised more protection for British companies from foreign predators – reversing changes made by his mentor and former prime minister Gordon Brown.

17.10 (close):The London market edged up today as a recovery by mining stocks offset concerns about UK inflation and US economic data.

The new boss of British Gas was revealed this morning as insurance executive Mark Hodges, who is a former boss of Aviva's UK operation.

There are fears British high-tech jobs could be lost after Nokia entered takeover talks with French rival Alcatel-Lucent.

Discount retailer Poundland, which joined the stock market just over a year ago, saw its sales top the £1billion mark for the first time last year after jumping 11.8 per cent in the year to March 29.

17.10 (close):The London market edged up today as a recovery by mining stocks offset concerns about UK inflation and US economic data.

The billionaire businessman who built FTSE 100 savings firm Hargreaves Lansdown from his spare bedroom stunned the City yesterday by announcing he was quitting the board with immediate effect.

Shares in ruby and emerald miner Gemfields sparkled on news of increased production at its mines in Mozambique and Zambia.

Britain's oil industry is one of the most vulnerable in the world to the slump in the price of crude because production costs in the North Sea are so high, according to experts.

If in doubt, get out.

Quindell has named a former AXA bean-counter as its finance boss as the tangled technology firm tries to draw a line under its turbulent past.

Embattled Alliance Trust suffered a fresh blow in its efforts to fend off aggressive US hedge fund Elliott Advisers as lobby group Pirc recommended shareholders vote against its pay report and in favour of appointing three directors to the board.

Sales at Burberry have increased 9 per cent to £1.4billion thanks to the popularity of its ponchos, 'heritage' trench coats and scarves, the British-based luxury retailer announced today.

 17.45:The FTSE 100 closed up 21.52 points at 7096.78 - a record closing high, and just off a new trading peak of 7,111.72 hit earlier in the day.

The European Commission has accused US online giant Google of breaching competition rules for web searches within Europe.

The failings, described last night as a 'massive breach of trust', occurred at the bank's London and international division for more than five years and spanned the financial crisis.

Risks to the global financial system are rising once again eight years after the last crisis struck, a leading watchdog warned yesterday.

Billionaire US investor Wilbur Ross sold £240million of shares in Virgin Money after deciding to cash in on the challenger bank’s soaring share price.

China is growing at the slowest rate for six years as the world's second-biggest economy continues to cool, official figures showed yesterday.

Wealthy shoppers travelling the world snapping up Burberry's luxury wares in the US and Europe, offset weak sales in Hong Kong and helped the British brand report a 9 per cent jump in sales in its second half.

After the last few months of disclosures of nefarious doings at HSBC’s Swiss private bank in Geneva, it should not be in the least bit surprising that the group is looking to refresh its board.

The new chairman of the Co-op has been accused of running a 'dictatorship' and 'betraying' members after blocking several candidates from applying to its new-look board.

My conversation with Sir Charles Dunstone, at the offices of TalkTalk in an unfashionable corner of Holland Park is intended to focus on the telecoms tycoon's latest venture.

 17.45:The FTSE 100 finished down 36.33 points at 7060.45 as fears mount that Greece could default on its debts as early as next week.

Futuristic aerospace company Hybrid Air Vehicles has raised more than £1million just days after launching its crowd-funding campaign to enable its giant Airlander airship to take flight.

Ben & Jerry's ice cream maker Unilever has posted better than expected sales thanks to an improved performance in emerging markets and a fall in the value of the euro against the dollar.

Morrisons is to cut up to 720 head office jobs while recruiting 5,000 shop floor staff as part of its plan to focus more on customer service.

Sir Richard Branson’s Virgin Group and private equity firm CVC Capital Partners have agreed to sell an 80 per cent stake in gym chain Virgin Active to South African investment firm Brait.

Fresh fears that Greece will default took hold today after reports that the government in Athens asked for extension from the International Monetary Fund for its next debt payment but got rebuffed.

Theatre owner Sir Cameron Mackintosh has announced a major expansion of his business licensing performance rights to some of the world’s biggest musicals.

Shares in Unilever rose 2.6 per cent after the consumer goods giant benefited from improve trading in its key American, Indian and Chinese markets.

FT publisher Pearson found itself at the bottom of the Footsie’s class, after closing 57p or 4 per cent down at 1,370p.

The boss of Morrisons has developed a taste for blood, axing a further 720 jobs just weeks after giving five senior executives their marching orders.

Investors in BP made a small protest vote against chief executive Bob Dudley’s pay and perks package on Thursday, with 13.5 per cent of votes not supporting the group’s remuneration report.

Alliance Trust is on the back foot again after a leading shareholder group backed calls from an activist investor to shake up the Dundee-based fund’s board.

Internet TV service Netflix is planning a huge push across Britain and Europe after the number of subscribers hit 60million and quarterly sales broke through £1billion.

Greek borrowing costs soared tonight as the International Monetary Fund all but ruled out letting Athens skip a debt repayment – pushing the country closer to an exit from the eurozone.

WH Smith said underlying sales at its High Street shops fell 4 per cent during the half year but is offering independent newsagents the chance to become franchise partners and operate as smaller WH Smith Locals.

News of an oil strike near Gatwick Airport last Thursday portrayed the Weald basin as the Home Counties’ version of Dallas, with estimates of up to 100billion barrels of oil in the ground.

 17.35:The FTSE 100 closed down 65.82 points at 6994.63 as traders scrambled to take money off the table at the chance Greece could default on its debts.

The unemployment rate in Britain has fallen to 5.6 per cent, providing the Chancellor with a pre-election boost - but average pay growth was less than forecast, official figures showed today.

Investors checked into Intercontinental Hotels amid takeover talk yesterday.

The former boss of Quindell has resurfaced with a fresh stock market venture – and already begun intervening in his former firm.

The publishing group owned by Tory peer Lord Heseltine has made a £17million windfall selling £31million of office and residential property.

Luxury brand Graff Diamonds said sales hit a record $1billion (£670million) in 2014 as profit sparkled 41 per cent higher, buoyed by demand from the Middle and Far East.

Security giant G4S has risked a new row with the government over the rewards it has paid its top executive.

Tesco is expected to cap its worst trading year in decades with a write-off of up to £4billion.

Constable Dogberry in Shakespeare’s Much Ado About Nothing mangles every word he utters - and so do many business leaders.

Luxury home and interiors web site Amara has acquired rival site Gift Library which collapsed several weeks ago.

Tesco will this week unveil ‘eye-watering’ losses as chief executive Dave Lewis attempts to draw a line under its troubles and set out his strategy to investors.

David Richards is co-founder and chief executive of WANdisco.

HSBC will this week face shareholders angered by bumper executive payouts as the lender is mired in scandal and streamlining its global operations.

The embattled boss of Alliance Trust has been handed a potential lifeline by the publisher of the Beano comic.

17.45:The FTSE 100 closed up 57.50 points at 7052.13 as miners got a boost from China's fresh round of measures to stimulate its economy.

To borrow, and mangle, an Oscar Wilde quote: One profit warning could be regarded as a misfortune; three profit warnings looks like carelessness.

Political parties have been lambasted by a leading business group for 'tactical headline chasing' and leaving their long-term vision for the economy on the campaign bus.

Fund manager Neil Woodford has raised a record £800million for his new investment trust– demonstrating his enduring box office appeal among investors.

The chairman of HSBC has told investors it could leave London amid concerns over the mounting costs of tougher regulations.

The Russian steelmaker that counts Chelsea FC owner Roman Abramovich as an investor returned £225million to shareholders – despite warning of a slowdown in the second quarter this year.

Few tears will be shed after it emerged that payday loan business Wonga, which sold itself to investors as the electronic choice that would transform the industry, has plunged into a reported £35million loss.

The firm behind Birds Eye fish fingers has been sold for £1.9billion, feeding the appetite for mega deals in the City.

Live music at the races including Jessie J and Dizzee Rascal has helped the Jockey Club post record annual turnover of £171.2million, up by 5.1 per cent year-on-year.

A veteran activist of the Co-op movement has urged fellow members to vote against the bumper pay packages at the mutual and block huge payouts to former executives.

Is there nothing City brokers will not touch to make money?

 17.35:The FTSE 100 closed up 10.80 points at 7062.93 but the market was well off early highs as the growing crisis in Greece eats away at investor confidence.

Half-yearly sales at discount fashion chain Primark increased by 15 per cent, while operating profits reached £322million, rising from £298million at the same stage in the previous year.

The continued escalation of iron ore production among the mining giants in the face of falling prices continued today as Rio Tinto reported a 12 per cent jump in output in its first quarter.

Satellite broadcaster Sky has recorded a stellar start to 2015, justifying its knockout £4.2billion bid in the English Premier League football rights auction which raised eyebrows back in February.

Chip designer ARM Holdings has recorded a better than expected rise in profits thanks to the success of Apple's iPhone 6 and a consumer shift to 4G mobile devices.

Payday lender Wonga has reported its first ever annual loss totaling £37.3million, marking a stark comedown from the £80million profits achieved back in 2012 and prompting boss Andy Haste to consider changing the company's name.

Weary commuters heading for Pret A Manger could be in for a free coffee if a member of staff likes the look of them.

Greek shares hit a two-and-a-half year low yesterday and borrowing costs soared amid warnings that an exit from the eurozone would lead to ‘very dangerous instability’ across the region.

The escalation of iron ore production among the mining giants in the face of falling prices continued as Rio Tinto reported a 12 per cent jump in output in its first quarter.

HSBC has been accused of being Britain’s most secretive big bank.

As the Queen celebrated her 89th birthday at Windsor Castle, International Greetings unwrapped a bullish trading update which lifted its shares 12.5p or 15 per cent to 95.5p.

The annual chorus of recrimination over executive pay is rising to a crescendo this week as HSBC braces itself for a row at its shareholder meeting over the £7.6million package handed to Stuart Gulliver, its non-dom chief executive.

Supermarket giant Tesco has posted a record £6.4billion annual loss after taking a massive writedown on the value of its property portfolio.

 17.25:The FTSE 100 closed down 34.69 points at 7028.24 as the spectre of a Greek debt default and ejection from the euro loomed over markets.

A flawless 100 carat diamond, described as 'perfect' by experts, has been bought in New York for nearly £15million - the largest of its clarity and cut ever to be sold at auction.

Building materials supplier Travis Perkins has posted a rise in first quarter sales in a further sign that activity in the UK construction sector could pick up again in 2015.

US banking giant Merrill Lynch has been fined a record £13.3million by the UK regulator for failing to correctly report 35 million transactions.

Safety scandals in Asia and competition at home in the US have impeded the turnaround at fast food giant McDonald’s and first quarter sales fell 2.3 per cent.

Rolls-Royce shares rose sharply as chief executive John Rishton announced his retirement at the age of 57 after a torrid four years at the top of the Derby-based engineer.

The ‘flash trading’ scandal is a result of the ‘culture of greed’ on Wall Street, says the author who uncovered the story.

The London division of US banking giant Merrill Lynch has been hit with a record £13.2million fine for filing inaccurate reports on more than 35million trades.

Tesco stunned the City by revealing a larger black hole in its accounts than previously thought, helping to force the grocer into one of the biggest annual losses in corporate history.

Drugs giant GlaxoSmithKline was under the weather as investors voted with their feet ahead of the first-quarter results and Capital Markets Day on May 6, a day before new chairman Philip Hampton takes over.

 17.40:The FTSE 100 closed up 25.43 points at 7053.67, with miners keeping the market in the black after a bounce in metal prices.

Hopes for strong first-quarter growth figures were dented today as UK retail sales last month saw their sharpest fall in more than a year.

Bookmaker William Hill saw its quarterly profit take a tumble after suffering the biggest loss-making weekend in the firm's 81-year history.

Punters piled in yesterday on news that Chilean miner Antofagasta had managed to turn water into cash.

Qatar's grip on London’s landmark buildings increased yesterday as it agreed to buy a 64 per cent stake in the company behind Claridge’s hotel.

Sainsbury’s added to the gloom sweeping through the grocery sector by announcing 800 jobs could be axed in a bid to cut £500million from its costs.

WPP, the world’s leading advertising agency, warned the result of May’s General Election would spark uncertainty no matter the winner as it reported a slowdown in first quarter trading.

Irate shareholders urged the new chairman of Barclays to ‘bring his chainsaw’ to radicallly shake up the bank, writes James Salmon.

Financial firms around the world have now paid nearly £6billion in fines for rigging interest rates, following a record penalty for Deutsche Bank.

With Lord Alan Sugar and Richard Desmond on the board, meetings were never going to be dull.

Britain's biggest bank triggered a political storm yesterday after it threatened to leave the country.

De Beers has not been able to sell its diamonds for as much as hoped so it has cut its production guidance for this year, owner Anglo American revealed today.

 17.45:The FTSE 100 closed up 17.03 points at 7070.70 as investors await the outcome of a testy eurozone meeting to discuss Greece's debt woes in Riga, Latvia.

Shares in the once ‘cool’ fashion retailer French Connection fell more than 20 per cent this morning after the group issued a profit warning as it said ‘challenging’ trading conditions continued through the Easter period.

Blue chip aerospace specialist BAE Systems could sell off parts of its US intelligence and security business after receiving approaches for units within the division.

Drugs giant AstraZeneca has posted a 6 per cent fall in first quarter sales impacted by the the loss of patents on its older, most popular drugs as it continues to look for new ways to generate revenue.

Trakm8shares entered the fast lane this week as the company said revenues had almost doubled and told of plans to manoeuvre into the driverless technology space.

The Treasury has sold another chunk of its stake in Lloyds Banking Group, taking its holding in the bailed-out lender down to 20.95 per cent.

Under-fire banking giant HSBC today created a pre-election storm when it announced that it would consider moving its headquarters out of the UK because of regulation issues.

Hopes of a long-awaited profit at French Connection were dashed yesterday as it issued a trading warning that sent shares down by 26 per cent to 39p.

AstraZeneca admitted yesterday its sales had been hit by copycat products as it beat off an investor rebellion over boardroom pay.

The Government has sold another chunk of its stake in Lloyds Banking Group – taking its holding in the state-backed lender to below 21 per cent.

Shares in a major Italian bank slumped yesterday after a fake letter suggesting its chief executive had fiddled the books was released.

HSBC received a bloody nose from shareholders yesterday as almost a third refused to back the lavish awards handed out to its top staff.

A £30billion mega-merger that would have combined two of America’s largest telecoms firms has been scrapped.

Shell is expected to report this week that the weak oil price wiped two-thirds off its earnings in the first three months of the year.

Britain's supermarket giants are heading for another year of pain with profits expected to plummet to just a quarter of historic levels as shoppers cut back or switch between retailers to find the best deals.

David Cameron yesterday pledged to make the economy the central issue of the General Election campaign amid fears the recovery is slowing.

EE has said it is ‘firmly’ on track to reach its target of 14million 4G customers by the end of the year after it connected 1.7million people to its superfast network in the first quarter.

 17.45:The FTSE 100 finished up 33.28 points at 7103.98 - after hitting a new all-time trading high of 7,122.74 earlier in the session.

Tullow Oil today got the go-ahead for its oil field development off the coast of Ghana, pushing its shares up to a five month high this morning.

Profits at British Gas are set to rise after a harsh winter that saw its customers turn up their thermostats and use more energy in the first three months of the year, owner Centrica has said.

Shares in the UK's biggest housebuilders have been knocked back today following a raft of new policies announced by Labour as the party looks to woo first time buyers before the General Election on May 7.

Centrica faced a stinging revolt from shareholders over its pay as the owner of British Gas fielded angry questions over its decision to slash the dividend.

Britain’s biggest banks face another £19billion of fines and charges over the next two years to pay for their financial scandals, experts predicted yesterday.

Huge fines for banks didn’t put punters off piling in to HSBC and Standard Chartered yesterday as expectations about the pair quitting the UK led to hopes of improved performance.

Two of the biggest Indian figures in global business are set to lock horns in a dispute over United Spirits (USL), the drinks firm in which Diageo has taken a £1.8billion controlling stake.

The boss of footwear brand Jimmy Choo received a £5.35million pay and perks package for less than three months’s work.

A British technology firm has given a whole new meaning to the phrase dry cleaning by inventing a waterless washing machine.

Ousted Morrisons chief executive Dalton Philips will walk away from the grocer with a £4million windfall in pay and rewards.

 17.40:The FTSE 100 closed down 73.45 points at 7030.53, well below yesterday's record high but off lows seen earlier in the session.

Santander UK has seen its profits rise 13 per cent after attracting new customers from rival banks, hitting its 4million current accounts target ahead of schedule.

Whitbread chief executive Andy Harrison will step aside by February 2016, having led the UK's largest hotel and coffee shop operator since 2010.

Oil major BP today posted a 39 per cent drop in first quarter profits but exceeded City expectations as the impact of a slump in oil prices was not as bad as previously thought.

The infrastructure firm that maintains a third of Britain's highways has today been snapped up in a £300million deal.

Blue-chip shares across Europe fell into the red today as the Greek prime minister warned he might have to call a referendum on the demands of EU and international creditors.

Up an impressive 14 per cent in a matter of a few weeks amid reports of a big buyer stalking the stock, Anglo American rose a further 25 1/2p to 1,129p.

Slashing investment and jobs, off-loading assets and focusing on refining, rather than finding, oil have helped BP minimise the devastating impact of the tumbling price of crude.

Santander UK yesterday reported a 13 per cent rise in profits after attracting customers from rival banks and increased lending to businesses.

Alliance Trust has buckled under pressure from a US investor pushing for change at the firm, hours before a showdown it faced losing.

Standard Chartered has become the latest bank to suggest it could move its headquarters out of Britain.

 17.40:The FTSE 100 closed down 84.25 points at 6946.28 after a sharp fall in the pace of US growth undermined investor confidence.

Sainsbury's boss Mike Coupe has been caught up in a bizarre legal drama in Egypt which has seen him sentenced in his absence to two years in jail, it emerged today.

Next was one of the top risers on the Footsie this morning with shares more than 3 per cent higher after the high street fashion chain posted better-than-expected sales at the start of the year.

The London Stock Exchange Group saw its shares rise strongly today after it reported an increase in revenues for the first quarter, driven by its information services arm and its takeover of the Frank Russell Company, an index compiler and asset manager.

Barclays has been forced to set aside another £950million as it braces for a fine for rigging foreign exchange markets and to pay more compensation for mis-selling payment protection insurance.

French luxury label Louis Vuitton faced a ‘double blow’ over its use of its trademark chequerboard pattern after an EU court threw out its right to exclusively use its logo.

Challenger bank TSB has revealed the 17 branches that it will close ahead of its £1.7billion takeover by Spain's Banco de Sabadell.

Next has beaten sales expectations yet again after the early release of its summer catalogue led to a surge in trading.

Sainsbury’s is preparing for an international legal battle to prevent its boss being thrown into an Egyptian jail.

Britain has enjoyed a jobs miracle.

Crowne Plaza-to-Holiday Inn chain Intercontinental Hotels Group – which has been strongly rumoured lately to be on a US rival’s shopping list and whose board is indeed said to have rebuffed a £6billion bid approach – attracted renewed speculative support and jumped 40p to 2844p.

The London Stock Exchange Group’s shares rose strongly after it reported an increase in revenues for the first quarter, driven by its information services arm and its takeover of the Frank Russell Company, an index compiler and asset manager.

Catalogue clothing retailer N Brown blamed an unseasonably mild autumn for falling out of fashion last year.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 14.35 points at 6960.63, but investors are still wrestling with the implications of yesterday's shockingly low US GDP figure.

Royal Bank of Scotland, which is 80 per cent owned by the taxpayer, has suffered losses of £446million in the first quarter of this year.

Property search website Zoopla has snapped up online price comparison site uSwitch for £160million in a move that will make it a one stop shop for UK households wanting to buy a house and save money on bills.

Oil giant Royal Dutch Shell has reported a near 60 per cent slump in first quarter profits after it was hit by the fall in oil and gas prices.

Royal Bank of Scotland has racked up £50billion in losses since it was bailed out by taxpayers and warned last night that it faces another ‘tough year’.

Oil giant Shell said it is back on the acquisition trail just weeks after agreeing to buy rival BG for £45.4billion and posting better-than-expected first-quarter figures.

Royal Mail was handed a lifeline yesterday after its arch-rival ditched plans for an aggressive UK expansion programme.

For a former professional pilot who now runs one of the world’s biggest airline conglomerates, the feisty Willie Walsh is not afraid of flying into turbulence.

Dealers are ready to celebrate another mega deal in the global packaging industry.

The chairman of WPP has issued an extraordinary defence of Sir Martin Sorrell in a bid to justify the 44 per cent jump in the chief executive’s pay package to £43million.

Shares in over-50s company Saga rose after its maiden results beat City expectations and the company declared a higher than anticipated final dividend of 4.1p a share.

 17.40:The FTSE 100 closed up 25.32 points at 6985.95 ahead of the Bank Holiday weekend after US stocks staged a recovery.

The pound has taken a battering against both euro and dollar after data today showed a sharp reversal for the UK manufacturing sector.

 Taxpayer-backed Lloyds Banking Group has taken a £660million hit from the sale of TSB to Spanish bank Banco de Sabadell.

Shares in GlaxoSmithKline were on their sick bed yesterday amid unease that the drug giant could abandon plans to return £4billion of cash to investors.

The supermarket price war and dramatic deflation at the tills will send profits falling for the first time in a decade at Sainsbury’s.

Rentokil shrugged off its part in the demise of the City Link courier firm it used to own saying it was a ‘long time ago’.

Lloyds sold TSB to a Spanish bank at a staggering loss of around £2.5billion, it emerged yesterday.

Jaeger could be about to downsize its flagship Regent Street store and move into a smaller shop.

The new ‘man at the Pru’ will receive a pay package worth up to £7.5million a year, it emerged yesterday.

Sky will sell advertising space on Channel 5 and its sister channels 5 USA and 5* after striking a £250million deal with owners Viacom.

City traders are gambling on share price falls at Sainsbury’s, just days before the supermarket releases results that are expected to be the worst for a decade.

Budget hotel group Travelodge has set its sights on adding another 250 UK hotels to its 500-strong chain in the next few years as it continues its turnaround strategy.

Stephen Hester is on course for a showdown with shareholders over his multi-million pound pay packet at his new employer.

The City will be scouring HSBC’s first quarter results this week for clues on the measures in its major strategy overhaul that will be announced next month.

The top ten best paid chief executives in the FTSE 100 index took home a total of £156.7million between them last year, an analysis by the High Pay Centre and the Daily Mail can reveal.

Fund groups are under pressure to reveal pay practices following accusations they cannot police excessive rewards at the companies in which they invest due to their own multi-million-pound hauls.

The financial markets and business could face turmoil if Labour wins the General Election, the Chancellor has warned.

 17.40:The FTSE 100 closed down 58.37 points at 6927.58 as poor US trade data knocked confidence in the economic recovery across the Atlantic.

Under-fire banking giant HSBC has posted better than expected profits as it disclosed that the City watchdog has asked for more information about its controversial Swiss private bank.

Strong sales of doner kebabs and pizza margheritas helped online takeaway food company Just Eat post a 51 per cent rise in first quarter orders compared to the same period a year ago.

Aberdeen Asset Management has seen investors withdraw £11.3billion from its funds amid uncertainty over emerging markets - but the firm still posted a 25 per cent rise in half-year profits.

 Ryanair recorded a another steep increase in passenger numbers last month thanks to cheaper fares and improved customer service.

HSBC boss Stuart Gulliver hit out at Labour’s plans to increase the bank levy as he gave the strongest signal yet that the High Street giant will leave the UK.

Ryanair saw its passenger number soar by 16 per cent to 9million last month as boss Michael O’Leary said it was reaping the benefits of swapping its ‘cheap and nasty’ reputation in favour of being ‘cheap and cheerful’.

Interest rates will rise further and faster under Labour than under the Conservatives, experts warn today.

Spun out of Reckitt Benckiser in December after the Dettol-to-Vanish household goods giant apparently failed to find a buyer for its pharmaceuticals arm, probably because its drugs face stiff competition from copycat versions, Indivior appears in excellent health.

Aberdeen Asset Management was among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100 yesterday after it revealed a net £11.3billion of investors’ cash had flowed out of its coffers in the six months to the end of March.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 6.16 points at 6933.74 after weak US job creation figures increased concern about the health of the world's biggest economy.

The pound rebounded a day ahead of the UK election after data revealed Britain's huge service sector picked up speed in April, countering signs that the economy has been slowing of late.

Sainsbury’s posted its first full-year loss in a decade today as the supermarket price war and food deflation hit sales, in another sign that the dominance of the ‘Big Four’ supermarkets is coming to an end.

Financial markets and sterling could be in for a bumpy ride in the aftermath of the General Election as an unstable coalition or the possibility of a referendum to leave the EU could spook investors.

Discount retailer Poundland has decided to go ahead with an in-depth review by the competition regulator that could either save or sink its proposed £55million acquisition of rival 99p Stores.

OneSavings Bank was a top performer on the FTSE All Share Index today after the specialist lender said first quarter net loans and advances grew by £455million.

Drugs giant GlaxoSmithKline unveiled a surprise strategic U-turn as the group shelved plans to spin-off an HIV joint venture and axed a £4billion return of cash to shareholders.

Wincanton's shares were full of beans, trucking ahead to 159p before closing 2.5p better at 154.75p on news of a major contract renewal.

Share markets have so far shrugged off worries about the UK election, with the FTSE 100 index hitting record highs of more than 7,000 in recent days.

Sainsbury’s took an unexpected £120million hit from its banking division which contributed to the grocer’s first annual loss in more than ten years.

Apple's Angela Ahrendts was paid £54million for just six months’ work – making her the most handsomely rewarded woman in the US.

Business leaders last night warned a Labour government is more likely to spark an exodus of blue chip companies after a second UK lender threatened to quit the country due to spiralling taxes.

CLOSE:The FTSE 100 Index fell sharply today before recovering as election jitters hit the London market while renewed fears over the global economy also weighed on stocks.

Morrisons reported another drop in sales today as the turnaround plan of its new boss remains in its early stages.

The Australian parent of Clydesdale bank has confirmed plans to float the high street lender on the London Stock Exchange before the end of the year as it quits the UK market.

Engineering firm IMI today warned that its full year revenue and margins will be below last year after exchange rate movements hit growth.

The French firm charged with designing Britain’s first nuclear reactor in a generation is on the cusp of being bought by EDF amid fears it would otherwise go bust.

BT has signed up more than 50,000 mobile customers in the six weeks since launching its new service.

Morrisons' new boss David Potts said he was not yet ‘fully match-fit’ as Britain’s fourth- biggest grocer saw sales growth deteriorate in its latest quarter.

Professional punters placed a big cross in SAB Miller’s square as rumours of a £50-a-share cash bid from the world’s largest brewer of Budweiser and Stella Artois, Anheuser-Busch InBev, did the rounds.

The Australian parent of Clydesdale and Yorkshire banks has been forced to set aside £1.7billion to cover future fines and compensation for customers – before it spins off the lenders.

Ladbrokes will today reveal that it suffered a massive 40 per cent rebellion from investors over pay following a disastrous year for the gambling firm.

The London stock market has soared more than 2 per cent and the pound has surged against both euro and dollar as markets welcomed the more predictable political landscape presented by the Conservatives' success in the General Election.

Shares in insurers Aviva and RSA soared today after the two blue chip firms posted encouraging first quarter results.

Sheilas' Wheels owner Esure - which has more than 1.5 million customers - said today that there was 'no sign yet' of motor insurance premiums rising across the industry.

17.20 (close):London's FTSE 100 Index was two per cent higher today after the unexpected Conservative election victory added over £40billion to market prices.

Low-fare airline easyJet increased its passenger numbers last month despite having to axe more than 600 flights due to a French air traffic control strike.

The Chinese owner of Three has announced the names of the investors that will acquire a 33 per cent stake in its UK mobile phone business once its takeover of O2 is completed.

Aerospace, defence and marine engineer Rolls-Royce has axed 1,300 jobs on the same day that it shocked investors by announcing currency moves will hit its revenues this year by as much as £350million.

Tesco is embroiled in a row with hundreds of thousands of employees over plans to make savage cuts to the amount it pays into their pensions.

 More than £40bn was added to the value of Britain’s biggest companies yesterday as investors cheered the Conservatives’ stunning victory in the General Election.

 RSA boss Stephen Hester received a bloody nose over his salary yesterday as more than a third of shareholders failed to back his lavish pay package.

The unstoppable rise of Apple is credited with carrying many firms on its coat tails.

 British exports to Europe collapsed at the start of the year – underlining the challenge facing the new Conservative government to rebalance the economy.

 The board of distribution group John Menzies is braced for a showdown this week amid calls for a break-up of the Scottish company.

 Bookies were licking their wounds after the Conservatives gained a surprise majority in the General Election and gamblers collected big payouts.

 Telecoms giant BT is this week expected to make its submission to the Competition & Markets Authority on its proposed £12.5billion takeover of EE, the UK’s largest mobile phone group, in the face of fierce opposition from rivals.

 Shares across Europe have dive into the red after a warning came from Greece's finance minister that the debt-laden nation could run out of money in a couple of weeks.

The bosses of Heathrow and Gatwick have clashed over increasing airport capacity in Britain – and urged the new government to finally decide where to build an extra runway.

17.35:The FTSE 100 closed down 16.97 points at 7029.85 as the post-election rally ground to a halt.

The new Conservative government is weighing up a plan to sell part of a taxpayer's holding in bailed out lender Royal Bank of Scotland at a loss later this year, according to press reports.

Postal firm Whistl has sent home 2,000 staff and suspended deliveries after its private equity backer LDC pulled out of funding to help expand the business.

 Crystal and china company Waterford Wedgwood has been sold to a new Finland-based owner.

An Iranian bank sanctioned by the UK for allegedly funding Tehran’s nuclear weapons programme is suing the British Government for £2.3bn – claiming it breached its human rights.

 Investors took delivery of news that postal firm Whistl has suspended door-to-door operations in the Manchester area and decided now is the time to pile into rival Royal Mail.

When former Tesco chief executive Philip Clarke skipped around his head office singing ‘Here come the walking dead’ after axing another senior executive it was the bizarre moment some insiders began to lose confidence.

 Sterling soared against the dollar and the euro yesterday as its post-election rally built up steam – making summer holidays cheaper for millions of British families.

Barclays is braced for a £2bn fine for rigging foreign currency rates, with Royal Bank of Scotland also set for a hefty penalty.

Budget airline easyJet turned a profit in the traditionally weaker winter season - the first time it has done so for nearly 10 years - but its shares plunged 7 per cent as it warned that full year results would be hit by the cost of disruption from April's air traffic control strikes in France.

British pub landlord Enterprise Inns plans to to sell up to 1,000 outlets and ramp up its number of managed sites in the wake of a vote by MPs last November to axe the 'beer tie'.

 17.45:The FTSE 100 closed down 96.05 points at 6933.80 as the prospect of a Greek default and ejection from the euro looms over markets.

The Government has capitalised on a post-election rally in Lloyds Banking Group shares as it sold another chunk of its stake in the bailed-out lender, taking its holding down to 19.93 per cent.

US telecoms giant Verizon is to buy internet firm AOL for $4.4billion (£2.8billion) in a mega-deal that will give the group a foothold in the lucrative mobile video market.

On an otherwise bleak day for equities, it was blue skies all the way for Thomas Cook as shares in the world’s oldest travel company gained altitude to touch 160.6p before closing 3.1p better at 156.1p.

New Year’s Eve 2012 is a date Lieutenant Commander Jim Cooley will never forget.

Tesco has pulled the plug on its final six Homeplus stores just weeks after dropping the shutters on another six outlets.

 After charging higher last night on news British industry clocked up its strongest performance for six months, the pound fell back today after the Bank of England cut its UK growth forecasts.

Lloyds faces a clash with shareholders over the ‘disproportionate’ £11.5m pay package handed to its chief executive Antonio Horta-Osorio.

The world's second biggest brewer SABMiller has beaten profit expectations, ending its shares higher although it warned it would continue to feel pressure from the rising dollar in the year ahead.

 17.40:The FTSE 100 closed up 15.83 points at 6949.63 as worse than expected US retail sales data prompted speculation that the Fed might delay an interest rate hike.

UK unemployment has fallen to a record low while weekly wages in March rose in a double dose of good news for the British economy, officials figures from the Office of National Statistics have shown.

TUI Group reported a 7.3 per cent rise in sales to £5billion for the six months to the end of March, helped by a strong performance from its cruise business.

SABMiller, the world’s second-largest brewer, cheered a stronger performance from soft drinks than beer as it posted better-than-expected annual results.

Christian Louboutin, the designer footwear brand famous for red-soled shoes, is heading back to court over its trademark.

The maverick founder of insurance giant Admiral has announced plans to step down – but pleaded with shareholders: ‘Don’t bury me yet!’ Henry Engelhardt will relinquish his role in a year’s time, 25 years after the Chicago-born entrepreneur founded the firm in his adopted home of Cardiff, Wales.

What a difference a decade makes.

The private-equity backer of over-50s group Saga has raised £239million after selling 11 per cent of the company.

Nervous sellers exerted further downward pressure on Mitie after hearing reports that chief executive Ruby McGregor-Smith will meet government officials this week to answer allegations that the British outsourcing group has not been paying care worker staff the UK minimum wage in England and Wales.

Broadcasting giant ITV saw viewing figures fall by 3 per cent in the first four months of the year amid strong competition from the BBC, which has invested heavily in new dramas like the massively popular Poldark.

CLOSE:Broadcaster ITV came under pressure today as industrial action over pay took the shine off figures showing a strong start to the year for advertising revenues.

Home repossessions and the number of people with mortgages in arrears dropped to a new low in the first quarter of this year, new figures reveal today.

Interest rates were frozen again today as the Bank of England set borrowing costs for the first time since the General Election.

The Bank of England’s multi-million-pound probe into the manipulation of foreign currency rates has been called into question by US authorities.

British banking newcomer Aldermore Group saw its lending rise 7 per cent in the first quarter as it added more customers including homeowners and small and medium-sized businesses.

Lloyds Banking Group is to pay shareholders their first dividend in six-and-a-half years this year, the bank revealed today at its annual general meeting.

If you’d bought shares in private equity investor 3i three years ago when multi-millionaire Simon Borrows was made chief executive, you’d now be sitting on a mouth-watering 300 per cent-plus gain on your investment.

Sitting in the Mayfair celebrity haunt Scott’s over a dish of battered cod, chips and mushy peas, Richard Spinks is reeling off the types of fish he has worked with: pollock, coley and cod to name a few.

Center Parcs has appointed a new chairman experienced in bringing firms to the stock market, fuelling speculation the holiday group has taken the decision to float.

18.00:The FTSE 100 index closed 12.55 points or 0.18 per cent down at 6,960.49.

A controlling stake in New Look, one of the UK's biggest fashion retailers, has been sold to South African investment house Brait SE in a $1.23billion (£780million) deal today, likely dashing plans for a stock market flotation.

SABMiller has snapped up London-based craft beer company Meantime Brewing Company as the world's second largest brewer looks to grow its 'millenial' customer base.

Businesses could gain better access to superfast broadband after BT was told it should open up its fibre networks to other operators.

The two private equity firms behind New Look have finally offloaded the heavily indebted fashion group for £780million after 11 chequered years.

Oil and mining stocks dragged London’s top flight lower yesterday amid US economic growth jitters and falling crude and commodity prices.

South African brewing giant SABMiller has bought Meantime Brewing company – a craft beer start-up established in a tram shed in London 15 years ago.

BT warns that its services may be hit by a plan to let its rivals use its broadband fibre network to boost competition in the business market.

Members of the Co-operative voted today that the group should continue to make political donations of up to £1million a year to the Labour Party.

The boss of insurance giant Legal & General says businesses should stop treating mental illness as ‘taboo’ and tackle it head on.

The new chairman of Jaeger is to step down just six months after joining the private equity- backed retail chain.

Marks & Spencer is expected to show its first improvement in full-year figures for four years, easing the pressure on chief executive Marc Bolland.

Banks including Barclays and Royal Bank of Scotland are this week set to agree to £3.8 billion in fines for rigging foreign exchange markets.

Marks & Spencer chief executive Marc Bolland will this week mark his fifth anniversary at the chain with a rise in profits and hopes for a £250million cash return to shareholders.

Two years ago few people in Britain had heard of Christo Wiese.

Graham Norton meets stars of screen and stage as the host of BBC’s flagship Friday night chat show – and now has an A-list salary to match many of those he interviews.

A package to reform the Co-op was voted through in an emotionally charged meeting yesterday afternoon during which members clamoured to vent their frustrations.

Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has picked up a £960,000 windfall from his educational listings company, Hotcourses, which he co-founded in 1996 with business partner Michael Elms.

The war over apps that allow customers to book taxis on their smartphones hotted up last week as traditional London cabbies vowed to escalate their fight against Uber and other fast-growing rivals.

Its waxed jackets have been sported by everyone from David Cameron to Lily Allen and Daniel Craig’s James Bond.

Gatwick boss Stewart Wingate has claimed the new Tory Cabinet has strengthened the chances of his airport being selected over Heathrow as the site for major expansion.

Royal Mail is set to report a sharp rise in profits this week, just days after it was accused of forcing its key rival, Whistl, out of the letters business.

Five major banks are expected to reach a combined £3.8billion settlement with US prosecutors for rigging foreign currency rates.

The boss of struggling chocolate maker Thorntons is to step down from his post by the end of June, the company announced today.

Online gaming giant 888 Holdings has placed a bet in the £1billion race to buy FoxyBingo firm Bwin.party, heralding the proposed combination as 'significant industrial logic.'

17.20 (close):The London market made little headway today after a run of poor economic figures in the US provided a drag on a number of decent corporate updates.

To its critics, Thomas Cook’s gift of £1.5m to children’s charity Unicef was an empty gesture.

 The long-delayed report into the near collapse of Halifax Bank of Scotland (HBOS) faces fresh hold-ups after being caught in another phase of legal wrangling with disgraced former executives.

 A bidding war has broken out over online gaming firm Bwin.party after rival 888 became the second firm to make an offer in four days.

 The chief executive of Thorntons has resigned after poor performance at the chocolate maker.

 Spread betting firm Plus500 ran aground yesterday because it was forced to suspend a large number of customer accounts after falling foul of money laundering regulations.

Vodafone shares dropped 3 per cent today despite the mobile giant posting an uptick in its core service revenues for the first time in three years in the last quarter of its financial year.

The boss of ICAP – the world’s biggest interdealer broker – has warned Britain should not rush ahead with an EU referendum and give the Prime Minister more time to negotiate a better deal for the country.

Britain's biggest branded food producer Premier Foods racked up a £92.7million loss last year, a big increase on the previous year's £46.7million deficit, as it booked hefty restructuring charges.

Domestic disasters insurer Homeserve has rewarded shareholders with a special dividend payment of £97million as it continues to bounce back from a mis-selling scandal with solid full year results.

Asda has posted an even bigger sales slump than rivals Tesco, Sainsbury's and Morrisons, as discounters Aldi and Lidl continue to eat into the supermarket big guns' business.

Has Vodafone turned a corner?

 David Cameron’s former chief strategist has infuriated bankers by suggesting they should be paid no more than top civil servants.

 It was a ‘Burlington Bertie’ or 30 per cent gain for Stride Gaming following a spectacular debut on AIM.

A multi-millionaire US dealmaker has sold an £84m chunk of shares in Glencore.

 Shares in Moneysupermarket.com took a tumble after one of the founders cashed in a £56m stake.

 17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 12.16 points at 7007.26 as traders await Federal Reserve minutes which could offer a clue to the timing of a US interest rate rise.

Marks & Spencer has reported its first rise in profits for four years but missed its clothes sales targets again - despite frantic demand for a much-publicised £199 suede skirt.

 Asda boss Andy Clarke was forced to defend his position after the supermarket posted the worst sales figures since its records began in 2006.

Speculation of a possible merger between mobiles giant Vodafone and Europe's biggest cable operator Liberty Global hotted up today after Liberty's chairman admitted the two companies would make a 'great fit.'

The pound was prodded higher today after Bank of England minutes proved 'slightly more hawkish' than anticipated, although expectations for a UK rate rise remained firmly focused on next year.

Five of the world's largest banks have been hit with fines worth £3.6billion for rigging foreign currency rates.

Luxury goods group Burberry today trimmed its 2016 profit forecast due to currency factors with a drop in Chinese spending on its trademark trenchcoats and other products last year.

 Deutsche Bank analyst Gregg Gilbert sent had hearts beating faster in the drugs industry when he sent a note to clients entitled ‘introducing PfizerKline’.

HSBC’s bid to install its favoured candidate as chairman of its ring-fenced bank has been rebuffed by regulators, writes James Salmon.

Steps by the public to boycott Thomas Cook after its disastrous handling of the deaths of two children at a hotel in Corfu have so far had no impact on bookings, the tour operator said yesterday.

Shares in Burberry fell 5 per cent yesterday after the luxury goods giant cut its profit guidance and issued a cautious outlook for 2016.

There is a platter of salmon in the Marks & Spencer development kitchen, where the new ideas are tested, that has been carefully smoked over oak and applewood.

Shares in Barclays were the second-biggest risers on the FTSE 100 index yesterday as the bank was deemed to have escaped lightly with a £1.53bn fine for rigging the foreign exchange market.

Marks and Spencer is handing back £150m to investors through a share buyback programme after increasing annual profit for the first time in four years.

 Savers have not squandered their pension pot on Lamborghinis since new freedoms were introduced last month, the boss of one of the UK’s biggest pensions firms said yesterday.

G4S staff took drugs, racially abused children and smuggled ‘contraband’ DVDs into a youth prison, a damning report said yesterday.

  17.45:The FTSE 100 closed up 6.21 points at 7013.47 as another batch of weak US data and vague-sounding Fed minutes limited gains.

Royal Mail has reported improving profits after clamping down on costs in an ultra-competitive postal market which has swallowed up its major rivals this year.

 The battle lines are being drawn in the world of business between bosses who believe Britain would be better off out of the European Union and those who think a Brexit would be disastrous for the economy.

Royal Mail was hit by a slowdown in its parcels arm last year as major customer Amazon moved more of its business away from the postal giant.

 Tesco’s annual report reveals hypocrisy on a grand scale as Britain’s largest retailer showered executives and board members with a raft of extraordinary perks.

 Royal Bank of Scotland is facing yet another hefty fine for rigging financial markets.

He's at it again.

Booker is beefing up its presence in the fast-growing convenience sector, spending £40m buying Budgens and Londis.

More than four out of 10 FTSE 100 companies make top executives wait at least five years before allowing them to cash in their so-called ‘long-term incentive plans’ after a campaign by leading asset manager Dominic Rossi of Fidelity Worldwide Investments.

The pound has jumped after official data revealed shoppers had splashed the cash in April ahead of the summer holidays.

 17.55:The FTSE 100 closed up 18.25 points at 7031.72 as Vodafone bid speculation and gains by miners bolstered London's top index ahead of the long weekend break.

The boss of Britain's second-biggest lender Nationwide will step down next July after profits soared 32 per cent in 2014.

 Shares in Plus500 were suspended for three hours on a day of turmoil for the embattled spread betting website.

Reports of the death of the bank branch have been greatly exaggerated, the boss of the Nationwide declared yesterday.

Things built up nicely for the Footsie ahead of the bank holiday weekend thanks to help from a strong session for construction materials stocks on the back of a bullish broker note.

A multi-billion US stores giant is understood to be among the potential bidders for a British TV shopping firm that has cashed in on the growing interest in home crafts.

It has just opened one of the world’s most expensive gyms, but Fitness First is still counting the cost of rescuing the company from falling into administration in 2012.

Barclays is facing explosive allegations it engineered its computer systems to rig financial markets.

 Britain’s biggest water company is tapping into the ‘black gold’ that flows through its sewerage pipes to produce power.

Military pilots are robust, physically and mentally strong and used to working in noisy, stressful environments in hostile places around the world.

Retail entrepreneur Jeffrey Cooper has taken a stake in new luxury handbag start-up Olive Cooper.

American media billionaire John Malone is edging closer to buying Time Warner Cable in a near-$55billion (£35billion) deal to snap up the second-largest US cable company.

Sir Andrew Witty, boss of GlaxoSmithKline, looks to have been given breathing space to return Britain’s biggest pharmaceuticals firm to growth after several large shareholders said they were prepared to be patient.

Ryanair's plans to revamp its image and be nicer to customers have paid off, as the firm's net profits rose by 66 per cent to £614million last year.

 17.35:The FTSE 100 closed down 82.73 points at 6948.99 as Athens struggled to avert a devastating default that could see it thrown out of the euro club.

The euro has fallen against every major world currency today thanks to very real fears that Greece is on the verge of economic collapse.

 British Airways owner IAG moved closer to completing its purchase of Aer Lingus after the Irish Government agreed to sell its 25 per cent stake in the airline.

Mark Carney will next month celebrate his second anniversary as Governor of the Bank of England.

 Fears of a Greek default are retreating after the Athens government sought to reassure its creditors that it would be able to make its next debt repayment on June 5.

 The irrepressible ambition of the US tycoon dubbed the ‘Cable King’ was demonstrated again yesterday with an audacious £35bn mega-deal.

When all said and done, you buy a share for a dividend and a return on your investment.

The billionaire hedge fund backer of Plus500 has hiked his stake in the embattled Israeli spread better.

Pressure on the former bosses of Thomas Cook mounted yesterday as City experts labelled multi-million pound payouts as ‘shameful’ and ‘outrageous’ in the wake of the tour operators’ handling of the deaths of two British children in Corfu.

 17.55:The FTSE 100 closed up 84.34 points at 7033.33 amid reports Greek leaders are close to striking a deal with creditors that unlocks bailout funds.

Shares in printing firm De La Rue have plummeted this morning after a steep fall in annual profits has resulted in the decision to slash its dividend.

Imperial Tobacco shares neared record highs today after the company behind Davidoff Cigarettes, Golden Virginia rolling tobacco and Cohiba cigars looks set to become the third-largest player in the US.

 Britain’s businesses have warned that the Queen’s Speech fell short of expectations on tax, skills and spending.

 Willie Walsh, the boss of British Airways’ owner IAG, said he is ‘hopeful’ Ryanair will sell its stake in rival Irish airline Aer Lingus, paving the way for a £995m takeover.

Private equity boss Jon Moulton has branded the laws governing the consultation period when staff lose their jobs as ‘idiotic’.

 Lambert & Butler and Golden Virginia cigarette group Imperial Tobacco set the Footsie alight with a gain of 109p to a year’s high of 3393p after the merger of American tobacco giants Lorillard and Reynolds American was finally given the green light by US anti-trust regulators.

During half-term this week tens of thousands of excited children will pour through the gates at Peppa Pig World in Hampshire.

Embattled Israeli spread better Plus500 was forced to admit a host of embarrassing errors on a day it was lambasted by angry shareholders.

 17.35:The FTSE 100 closed up 7.59 points at 7,040.92 after conflicting claims between Greece and its creditors over the status of debt talks.

Sales at DIY chain B&Q UK and Ireland fell 1.1 per cent to £991million on a same-store basis in the first quarter, prompting parent company Kingfisher to reaffirm it's plan to shake up the retailer 'at pace.'

Shares in sweetener-maker Tate & Lyle slipped as it reported an 82 per cent slump in annual profits after the market for its main sweetener product turned sour.

 Welwyn Garden City-based PayPoint got the big thumbs up from City analysts after surprising everyone with plans to sell its loss-making parking and online payments businesses alongside in-line results.

 The scandal surrounding money laundering checks among trading firms deepened last night after one of the City’s largest outfits was stung by allegations it ‘dumbed down’ rules to win more customers.

ITV has backed away from a deal to buy the US production firm behind Marco Polo and the BBC’s War and Peace adaptation.

Labour MP Mary Creagh has tabled a Parliamentary motion condemning the actions of holiday firm Thomas Cook after the death of Christi and Bobby Shepherd nine years ago.

 17.50:The FTSE 100 closed down 56.49 points at 6984.43 after a late afternoon plunge amid anxiety Greece is on the brink of default with no bailout deal in sight.

The multi-millionaire Wall Street banker at the helm of Lehman Brothers when it went under in 2008 has blamed a ‘perfect storm’ rather than the behaviour of bosses like himself for causing the financial crisis.

Two of Britain’s biggest players in home improvement have blamed a chilly May on disappointing garden furniture sales.

Speculation is growing that the Treasury is gearing up to sell its stake in RBS – and retail investors may be given the chance to snap up the shares cheaply.

Mountain Warehouse will begin the festival season on good form after posting a 25 per cent jump in pre-tax profit to £12million.

The strong dollar and heavy snow meant the US economy had a dismal start to the year.

A shrinking US economy and jitters about Greece put the skids under top-flight shares yesterday.

 Once beer was divided into ale, lager, bitter and stout.

 Parcel delivery group CollectPlus has reported a 39 per cent jump in delivery volumes in a year with 18.8 million parcels delivered through its network of collection points.

Loss-making Malaysia Airlines is set to ditch its name and up to 6,000 staff in an attempt to restructure the business and move on from two fatal plane crashes.

Lloyds could be off the Government’s books and back in private hands as early as September if plans for a Tell Sid-style sell-off are brought forward, as the current trading plan for selling shares was extended until the end of the year.

The new top team at Morrisons is bracing itself for a fresh attack from investors at its annual meeting on Thursday.

Hopes for a growth rebound after a slow start to 2015 for the UK economy were thrown into doubt today after figures showed a lacklustre performance in May for the beleaguered manufacturing sector.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed down 30.85 points at 6953.58 as claims and denials were freely tossed around over the status of a Greek debt deal.

Shares in drug giant AstraZeneca jumped 2 per cent higher today boosted by news of the success of anti-cancer drugs.

The euro took a tumble today as a possible Greek exit from the eurozone draws ever nearer and after manufacturing data revealed the currency bloc is still struggling for growth.

Myanmar emerged four years ago from half a century of military dictatorship to embrace liberal democracy and the free market.

The directors of Plus500 are set for a £160million windfall after agreeing to sell the company in a shock move that came on the same day they issued a profits warning.

Takeover talk surrounding Imagination Technologies is nothing new.

 Abellio Greater Anglia will face stiff competition from rival transport giants FirstGroup and National Express when the East Anglia franchise comes up for renewal in October 2016.

17.20 (close):Concerns over debt-laden Greece's ability to meet a looming repayment deadline continued to impact blue chips today with little respite offered by cheery UK economic data.

Troubled supermarket group Morrisons has managed to increase its sales for the first time since December 2013.

Shares in online electricals retailer AO World tumbled today, despite reporting a narrowing annual loss, after sales growth slowed in its fourth quarter and it warned of a challenging year ahead.

Greece was last night urged to be ‘honest with voters’ about the parlous state of the country’s finances as hopes of an imminent deal to resolve the debt crisis were dashed.

London estate agent Foxtons, best known for its racing green-coloured Mini Coopers and super confident, sharp-suited sales agents, came under selling pressure and dropped 14.3p to 270.2p to trade 17 per cent above September 2013’s flotation price but the same percentage below June 2014’s all-time high.

Sir Martin Sorrell was last night facing a mounting backlash over his £43million pay package at WPP after an influential shareholder group branded it ‘excessive’.

CLOSE:London's top share index gained ground today as a supermarket share rally offset disappointing data from the powerhouse services sector.

HSBC is being sued by some of the world’s most powerful investors for allegedly mis-selling toxic bundles of mortgage debt before the financial crisis.

Shares in WH Smith soared more than 3 per cent today after the stationary and ‘food-to-go’ retailer reported sales slightly ahead of expectations thanks to strong trading at its stores at airports and train stations.

The boss of Dixons Carphone has hailed the success of last year's £5billion merger after sales jumped at the electricals retailer.

Royal Mail has named Peter Long, joint chief executive of travel giant TUI, as its next chairman, succeeding incumbent Donald Brydon, who announced his intention to step down earlier this year.

Customers have been splashing out on televisions costing up to £2,500 at Currys and PC World, leading to a 'stonking' rise in sales at owner Dixons Carphone, according to boss Sebastian James.

Among the most used words in the annual reports of Britain's top companies in the last year was 'trust.'

The owner of the Alton Towers theme park has seen almost £100million wiped from its value by this week's crash and is set to lose millions in lost bookings.

Britain will be the fastest growing major economy in the developed world this year but deep cuts to public spending could hamper the recovery, according to a leading global watchdog.

A former senior executive of UBS who is now in charge of the German stock market attended meetings where the rigging of interest rates was discussed, a court was told.

Lloyds Bank has been thwarted in its controversial plans to strip thousands of savers of their income following a humiliating defeat in the High Court.

Jayne-Anne Gadhia admits she is not built for running but managed to 'stagger slowly over the line' in this year's London Marathon in under five hours.

Buyers of Ladbrokes were suddenly back in the saddle as revived bid rumours made their way across the Irish Sea.

Unemployment in the eurozone has fallen to a three-year low but remains more than twice as high as in Britain and the United States.

CLOSE:Stocks markets worldwide came under pressure today amid mounting fears over Greece and the latest bond market sell-off.

The Bank of England has left interest rates on hold today following its first policy meeting since official figures showed UK inflation turn negative for the first time in 55 years.

easyJet was the second biggest FTSE 100 gainer this afternoon, up over 1 per cent as investors celebrated news that the airline saw a 7.2 per cent increase in passenger numbers last month.

Markets across Europe are being punished today as investors fret over whether Greece will make a crucial €305million (£216million) debt repayment to the International Monetary Fund due tomorrow as it looks for an agreement to release badly needed bail-out funds.

Pets at Home, the UK's biggest pet care company today unveiled plans for expansion, including a new high-street dog spa as it posted a near three-fold rise in annual profits, although its shares dropped sharply partly due to concerns about an increasing cost case.

A crack down on car emissions from Brussels has driven a jump in profits at chemicals firm Johnson Matthey - the world’s biggest manufacturer of auto-catalysts.

The government is set to sell off its remaining stake in Royal Mail in a move it hopes will raise around £1.5billion.

Sir Ken Morrison, former chief executive of supermarkets group William Morrison asked shareholders today to give the struggling chain's new management team 'breathing space' to reverse company fortunes.

The FTSE 100 recorded its worst week this year as shares around the world slid again yesterday.

The investment bank accused of botching the Royal Mail float will not work with the Government for the second sale of postal shares.

Just months before Merlin Entertainments came to the public markets, the firm’s Alton Towers theme park unveiled the world’s fiercest rollercoaster.

A blunder by G4S left its own investors unable to access key corporate documents at the security giant’s annual meeting yesterday.

Medical experts this week told us that immunotherapy, which trains the immune system to attack cancerous cells, could replace chemotherapy as the standard treatment for cancer within the next five years.

CLOSE: The Footsie posted its largest weekly fall this year as Greece's decision to delay the start of its repayments to the International Monetary Fund left world markets in the red.

The British public does not think the current period of deflation is set to last, a survey from the Bank of England shows, as inflation expectations for the next 12 months ticked up in May.

Mobile phones firm Vodafone has confirmed that it is in talks with US cable group Liberty Global regarding an exchange of 'selected assets', but said it was not discussing a full-blown merger.

The case for a rise in interest rates in the US has strengthened, with the world’s biggest economy adding 280,000 jobs last month.

A major investor in WPP has said it plans to stage a revolt at Tuesday’s annual meeting amid mounting concern over the scale of executive pay at the marketing giant.

The roller coaster ride for the oil and gas stocks involved in the Horse Hill prospect being drilled near Gatwick airport continued after another estimate of the oil in place proved even more bullish than the eyebrow raising assessment in April.

Worldpay boss Philip Jansen and other top executives at the payments processor, which was hived off from Royal Bank of Scotland, are in line for a £400million windfall when it is floated later this year.

Sales growth at Marks & Spencer British stores and on its website have been dropped from executive bonus targets after the company failed to clear the hurdles for four years in a row.

WPP’s chief executive Sir Martin Sorrell faces a significant investor revolt this week over his £43million pay packet in what is likely to be one of this year’s biggest rebellions against ‘excessive’ executive pay.

Tax breaks set up to encourage drama production in Britain kept Hat Trick, the company behind Have I Got News For You, in the black last year.

A Briton is to take the helm at Germany’s biggest lender after its joint chief executives stepped down yesterday in a dramatic move following an emergency board meeting.

The UK’s leading supermarkets are braced for fresh troubles this week.

 17.20:The FTSE 100 closed down 14.56 points at 6790.04 as lack of progress on a Greek bailout deal dampens the mood among investors.

Morrison’s is slashing the price of another 200 everyday items including bread, milk and butter by up to a third as it fights to win back shoppers from budget rivals Aldi and Lidl.

Brazil's richest man is reportedly eyeing up a bid for drinks giant Diageo, driving shares in the Smirnoff Vodka to Johnnie Walker whisky group up to a near record seven year high.

Eurotunnel has found a buyer for its MyFerryLink cross channel service from Dover to Calais after it was forced to put it up for sale by the UK competition authorities.

Drax has continued to cut its electricity prices in a further sign that conditions remain difficult for one of Britain’s biggest remaining coal-fired power stations.

Merger mania swept through the City yesterday as some of Britain's best known firms saw their share prices jump on intense bid speculation.

One of the City's most powerful investors will attack the scale of fat-cat pay at WPP when the advertising giant holds its annual shareholder meeting today.

Britain will still have a deficit of around £20billion at the end of the decade as George Osborne struggles to balance the books, a ratings agency warned yesterday.

Upheaval at the top of a German company would not normally trouble the headline-writers here in the UK.

Boots is cutting 700 jobs across the UK so it can beef up spending on its website.

Burberry has gone to great lengths to justify the £8million pay package for chief executive Christopher Bailey in its annual report, in the wake of last year's pay revolt.

When John Cryan takes over as chief executive of Germany's biggest lender this summer he becomes a member of a very select club of Britons running large overseas companies.

 17.35:The FTSE 100 closed down 36.24 points at 6753.80 as Greece's revised reform plan failed to break the stalemate with its creditors.

Mega corporate activity in the water sector has dried up since Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka-shing’s £2.41billion purchase of Northumbrian Water in 2011 and France’s Veolia Environment’s sale in 2012 of its UK regulated assets to infrastructure funds for £1.24billion.

 17.45:The FTSE 100 closed up 76.47 points at 6830.27 as results from Sainsbury's pleased investors and bank stocks posted gains.

Supermarket giant Sainsbury's has posted its sixth straight quarter of declining sales as it battles to compete against low costs rivals like Aldi and Lidl.

Budget airline Flybe suffered a £35.6million pre-tax loss last year, having seen a profit of £8.1milion a year earlier, reflecting one-off costs and a charge linked to its exit from a joint venture in Finland.

A number of UK bank shares were unsettled today by downgrades from a credit ratings agency as the sector also eyed talk that Chancellor George Osborne could unveil plans to scrap the banking levy in his Mansion House speech tonight.

Strong competition for rail contracts hit transport firm FirstGroup as it reported a 9.9 per cent slide in annual revenues to £6.05billion.

Sales at Boohoo.com have risen 35 per cent since last year as Britons get increasingly used to the idea of buying clothes on the internet.

Sainsbury's posted its sixth straight quarter of falling sales but said its price-cutting initiative was winning back customers from the discounters.

Britain's economy has bounced back after a disappointing start to 2015, a report showed yesterday.

Mark Carney last night sought to draw a line under the Bank of England's handling of the financial crisis – saying his predecessors made a string of mistakes.

AstraZeneca's chief medical officer and head of global late-stage drug development Briggs Morrison is to leave the company on Friday, creating a surprise gap at the top of the group's research operations.

The Governor of the Bank of England has inadvertently been caught up in an art scandal in his native Canada after buying a painting for thousands of pounds.

It is utterly shameful that seven years after calamity struck the financial sector, with the collapse of Lehman Brothers, cultural change in banking and fixed income, currency and commodity markets still has yet to take place.

Founder Peter Brodnicki banked a tasty £13million when shares of Derby-based Mortgage Advice Bureau, the company he started in 2000 with £500,000 seed money, floated on AIM at 160p in November.

The falling oil price has crippled the North Sea oil and gas industry with two-thirds of operators cancelling projects.

Bill Alexander tossed his case into the car, slid into the driver's seat and began to think about his forthcoming trip to play poker in Las Vegas.

The world's largest clothing retailer Inditex said increased store expansion and more favourable currency conversions were the reasons behind a 28 per cent rise in first-quarter profit.

17.40:The FTSE 100 closed up 16.47 points at 6846.74, after giving up most of today's gains in late trading as gloom about Greece descends on markets once again.

Mulberry insists it is back in vogue despite a 74 per cent collapse in profit as its new ranges fly off the shelves.

Imperial Leather soap-maker PZ Cussons said full-year trading would be in line with expectations despite sales being hit by political turmoil in Nigeria, its biggest market.

Three hundred staff are being recruited at Sunderland’s Nissan factory as it prepares to begin producing its upmarket sport utility vehicle, the Infiniti Q30.

 The curtain again came down on Cineworld as another bout of nervous selling dragged the shares a further 14.2p lower to 473p making a fall of 10 per cent in just more than a week.

Argos owner, Home Retail Group, blamed poor demand for televisions for a 3.9 per cent fall in first-quarter sales – even though rival Dixons Carphone said only days ago that TV sales are booming.

A shake-up at Rupert Murdoch’s media empire will see him hand the reins of 21st Century Fox to his son James, it was reported last night.

The Treasury risks repeating Gordon Brown’s disastrous decision to offload the UK’s gold reserves if it sells off Royal Bank of Scotland on the cheap, analysts warned last night.

BT has been told it should cut the cost of its high-speed business lines, which provide superfast broadband and mobile services to businesses and other network operators.

17.20 (close):The London blue-chip index ended the week lower along with other European markets as investors remained jittery over prospects for talks on the Greek debt crisis.

Budget airline Ryanair has labelled the Competition and Markets Authority’s final order to force it to reduce its stake in rival Aer Lingus as ‘ridiculous’ and has vowed to pursue another appeal.

Sainsbury's chief executive Mike Coupe has avoided a long jail term in Egypt after a court acquitted him of all charges connected to a failed business deal.

It could take almost two years before the Big Four supermarkets see their profits recover from their fierce price war with the discounters, research shows.

It might be a little bag but it has meant big sales for troubled handbag firm Mulberry.

Over-50s focused womenswear retailer Bonmarche today posted a jump in its annual profits and said recent reforms to free up pension pots may boost sales.

The UK economy last year grew slightly faster than has been estimated - and that goes for the start of this year as well, according to the official statistics body.

A raft of new store openings and a big lift in online sales has helped Ted Baker post a 25 per cent rise in first quarter revenues.

Galantas Goldglistened this week as the miner was finally granted planning permission to develop its underground gold mine in the green hills near Omagh, Northern Ireland.

17.20 (close):The London blue-chip index ended the week lower along with other European markets as investors remained jittery over prospects for talks on the Greek debt crisis.

A series of store openings and a big boost in online sales helped Ted Baker post a 25 per cent lift in first quarter revenues.

Lambert & Butler owner Imperial Tobacco has completed its £4.6billionn deal to buy five cigarette brands cast off when two of America’s biggest tobacco firms merged.

In the words of Kenny Rogers, the founders of PartyGaming appear to know when to walk away because yesterday they sold more than 50million shares in Bwin.Party.

Stock markets across Europe and the US tumbled amid fears Greece is edging closer to default following the collapse of talks between Athens and its creditors this week.

Work on a gold mine in Northern Ireland is set to begin soon, after a mining firm won planning consent to dig for up to £100million of the precious metal.

Dating entrepreneur Ross Williams has picked up the lion’s share of a £1million dividend paid out by his company, Global Personals.

The Treasury is looking to offload a £3billion stake in Royal Bank of Scotland in October, followed by a £4billion retail offer for Lloyds Banking Group in March.

London-listed Vedanta Resources is merging its two main Indian subsidiaries in a bid to gain access to around £1.7billion in cash.

CLOSE:The Footsie sunk to a four-month low today as debt-laden Greece edged closer to a possible default.

Thomas Cook looks set to tap into the growing demand for holidays by Chinese tourists after it today announced a joint venture with China’s ClubMed owner Fosun.

Shares in Majestic Wine fell more than 4 per cent today after the retailer posted a drop in profits and its new boss warned that investments needed to modernise the business would squeeze earnings further in the months ahead, as he considers scrapping the firm's six-bottle minimum purchase.

Drug giant GlaxoSmithKline could become the latest takeover target in the pharmaceutical industry, it emerged yesterday.

It is a quintessential fixture of the English summer.

Majestic Wine could ditch its six-bottle minimum order limit in a bid to revamp its struggling business, following a slump in profits.

The human cost of Aviva’s £5.6billion takeover of Friends Life was highlighted yesterday as the insurance giant announced plans to close down three offices.

Britain's powerful aerospace industry made a strong start to the Paris Air Show, securing 425 deals totalling £34billion.

 Millions of Chinese will be able to invest in UK companies more easily following a deal between the London Stock Exchange and Hong Kong regulators.

 17.45:The FTSE 100 closed down 0.42 points at 6710.10 after a day dominated by speculation over whether the eurozone will manage to make a last-minute deal over Greece.

Shares in Royal Mail fell to its lowest level since the start of the year this morning after Ofcom announced a ‘fundamental review’ of the way it regulates the group to make sure it continues to carry out its universal service.

Shares on the Greek stock market tumbled for a third day in a row as the crisis-torn nation lurched closer to a devastating default and exit from the eurozone.

One of Britain’s biggest construction firms yesterday welcomed the ‘clear outcome’ in the General Election as it outlined plans to build more homes.

Clare Spottiswoode, the former director of Ofgas, must have had better days.

Britain’s ‘bad bank’ – set up to deal with the wreckage of Northern Rock and Bradford & Bingley – is more profitable than Royal Bank of Scotland, TSB and Virgin Money put together.

BT has made an ambitious foray into TV drama through an exclusive deal with the US channel behind hit shows Mad Men (pictured) and Breaking Bad, writes Peter Campbell.

The New York-listed owner of Rimmel mascara is on the brink of buying £7.7billion of beauty businesses from consumer goods giant Procter & Gamble which will make it the biggest perfume group in the world.

Temporary power firm APR Energy will be forced into talks with its lenders after issuing a profits warning.

 17.45:The FTSE 100 closed down 29.55 points at 6680.55 as Greece edges closer to the brink of default but bailout negotiations remain deadlocked.

More than £48 billion of savers' cash is sitting in underperforming investment funds, according to a Chelsea Financial Services report.

UK workers' pay excluding bonuses rose 2.7 per cent year-on-year in the three months to April, the biggest rise since August 2011, according to official figures released today.

David Cameron is drawing up contingency plans to make sure the UK is 'as prepared as we can be' if Greece crashes out of the eurozone, Downing Street has said.

Online betting exchange Betfair today reported a surge in profits after record numbers of punters gambled on the Cheltenham Festival and Grand National.

Shares in housebuilder Berkeley Group jumped more than 10 per cent yesterday – adding some £20million to founder Tony Pidgley’s fortune.

London-listed coal-miner Asia Resource Minerals has been hit with a near-£5million fine by City watchdogs only weeks after financier Nat Rothschild walked away from a fight to regain control.

Britain’s big energy firms are set to be cleared of abusing their market position.

An expert hired by BT to investigate its £12.5billion mega-merger with EE admitted he was asked only to look at its benefits.

Amid the frenzied activity of the Paris Air Show it’s hard to find a quiet place to sit and talk to Paul Kahn, the new UK boss of Airbus.

Rumours that a mouth-watering deal was cooking at AGA Rangemaster have been doing the rounds for weeks and helped the upmarket cooker-maker favoured by Great British Bake Off expert Mary Berry, rally from an April low of 78.5p.

A row over the pay of British Airways boss Willie Walsh and a plan to give free flights to former board members has blown up after it was revealed the Irishman gets paid 147 times the average employee at the airline group.

17.15:The London market struggled for direction today after better-than-expected high street sales figures provided a boost to the pound, amid uncertainty over the latest round of Greek debt talks.

Shares in Poundland fell today despite an improvement in profits as sales growth slowed down in the last three months.

Plans for a North York Moors potash mine suffered a setback today, sending shares down in developer Sirius Minerals 20 per cent after planners warned the environmental impact had not been fully considered.

Investors’ hearts were a-flutter on the Street of Dreams as shares in Fitbit opened 51 per cent above the float price of $20, valuing the company well north of $4billion or £2.6billion.

The pound now buys more than €1.40 again as good news on the UK public finances sent sterling's global value to a seven-year high.

Troubled model-railway maker Hornby has raised £15million from investors and plans to move from the main market in London to AIM as it battles for survival.

More than a quarter of IAG’s shareholders declined to back the pay policy at the British Airways owner amid concerns about excessive bonuses.

It is one of the most recognisably British brands, and rightly so.

There is a concerted effort by leading figures in the City to play down the gravity of what is going on in Greece.

The boss of Poundland has defended the budget chain’s decision to sell adult toys.

Twenty years young and still going strong: the Alternative Investment Market, or AIM, celebrates its anniversary today and Xavier Rolet, boss of the London Stock Exchange, waxed lyrical about its amazing success at a celebration dinner on Wednesday in the Artillery Garden at the HAC in London.

17.20 (close):The London market ended the session by posting four straight weeks of losses, despite edging up today.

17.20 (close):The London market ended the session by posting four straight weeks of losses, despite edging up today.

Growing demand for plus-size clothes from brands Simply Be and Jacamo has helped retailer N Brown Group reveal a better than expected first quarter.

Tesco's first-quarter results next Friday may be overshadowed by its annual shareholder meeting where it is expected to face a backlash on the pay-off for former boss Philip Clarke.

Greece may make new proposals to creditors in order to reach an agreement to release more bailout cash, a Greek minister said today.

In the week that AIM celebrated its 20th anniversary, the London Stock Exchange welcomed two new businesses to trading from both sides of the Atlantic – though neither were British.

Standard Life is under fire over the lavish exit deal it is handing to chief executive David Nish, who announced his departure yesterday.

Mulberry's former star designer is to launch her own luxury brand called Hill and Friends, writes Laura Chesters.

Car sales website Autotrader has trebled annual profits in its first set of results since roaring onto the public markets in March.

Two family-owned breweries have revealed mixed fortunes for their beer and pub businesses as the popularity of craft beer continues to soar – but overall beer sales are still in long-term decline.

Tesco wants more than £5billion for its Korean supermarket business and has told would-be buyers not to waste its time with lower offers.

Simon Emeny, boss of British brewer Fuller’s, is furious with a raft of Britain’s local councils who he accuses of acting ‘illegally’ in banning his strongest beers from local shops.

An online estate agency set up by former Swinton Insurance chief Brian Blake last year has raised £200,000 for a 5 per cent stake through the Seedrs crowdfunding platform, valuing the company at £4million.

Heathrow Airport’s plan for a third runway would cost £500million more than estimated because of the amount of potentially contaminated landfill that would have to be treated, according to a report commissioned by the airport’s rival Gatwick.

Banks have raised fears that new ring-fencing rules, aimed at shielding retail deposits from riskier investment banking, could bring a wave of red tape in dealing with small and medium-sized customers.

Internet-only bank Atom is looking for a deal with a high street rival to provide key offline services such as depositing cash and cheques.

Marks & Spencer has reduced its calculation for online sales over the past four years after taking into account £500million of goods that had been returned to its shops.

Close:Shares leapt today as stock markets saw a relief rally on hopes that a deal can be agreed to keep Greece in the euro and out of default.

Shares in British chocolate maker Thorntons jumped 43 per cent today after Italian group Ferrero offered to buy it for £111.9million.

Eurozone finance ministers welcomed the new proposals submitted by the Greek government today but said they needed to look at them more in detail and could reach a deal later this week.

Sierra Rutile is at an inflexion point that could be transformational – though you would be hard pressed to discern this from the share price, which has fallen 44 per cent in the past year.

Some of Britain’s biggest firms – including consumer goods giant Unilever and drugs major GlaxoSmithKline – are among 17 companies fined a total of £126million for fixing prices in Belgium.

Greek banking stocks soared yesterday and government borrowing costs fell despite crisis talks to save the country from collapse ending without a deal.

Ferrero Rocher claims to be the chocolate of ambassadors, but its owner will need all the diplomacy it can muster with its first branded acquisition in 60 years.

John Lewis is to take on Dixons Carphone by selling mobile phones in its department stores for the first time.

The delayed publication of a key report into Britain’s airport capacity has forced Royal Bank of Scotland to put a boardroom shake-up on hold.

Shares in oilfield services group Petrofac spurted 9 per cent higher today after it said its backlog order book had grown to £13billion despite warning it will incur more in costs from a delayed project.

Ladbrokes is in talks to merge with the betting arm of Gala Coral in a move which could see former HBOS chief executive Andy Hornby take a prominent position in the newly-enlarged listed business.

Virgin Media will begin the £3billion extension of its ultrafast cable network this week, in what is the largest single investment in broadband in Britain for more than a decade.

Aer Lingus has taken major steps to improve relationships with its unions as it moves closer to being taken over by British Airways owner IAG.

17.40:The FTSE 100 closed up 9.20 points at 6834.87 as investors pinned hopes on a deal being struck between Greece and its creditors this week.

Shares in Bunzl fell today after the business supplies distribution giant announced a slowdown in trading.

The taxpayers' stake in Lloyds Banking Group has fallen to below 17 per cent after the Government revealed it had sold off another tranche of shares.

In November 2007, Sir Victor Blank was riding high.

There's still time for cash-rich companies to go on the acquisition trail even though the low interest rate environment is coming to an end and the next move in rates will almost certainly be up.

The Co-op Bank scandal has sprung back to life as the troubled lender said it is facing a showdown with regulators.

Rogue traders and bank bosses could be stripped of their bonuses up to ten years after being awarded them as part of a crackdown on ill-gotten gains.

Saga, the seller of insurance and holidays to baby-boomers intent on spending their kids’ inheritance, says it may buy new ships to expand its cruise operations.

Tesco’s lavish executive pay has been slammed by shareholder advisory bodies, setting the scene for what is expected to be a stormy annual meeting on Friday.

Coats Group, the textile company that makes everything from tea bags to airbags and clothes to cables, celebrated 125 years since listing by opening trading at the London Stock Exchange yesterday.

The collapse of the oil price has claimed its latest victim as mid cap chemicals giant Elementis was forced into a profit warning today.

Retailer John Lewis has overtaken the Co-operative Group as the UK's largest worker-owned business, a new report has revealed.

 17.25:The FTSE 100 closed a modest 9.93 points higher at 6844.80 as Greece's creditors knocked back a reform package offered by Athens in exchange for bailout funds.

 Cheaper petrol and tough competition has hit train and bus operator Stagecoach.

British supermarkets received a healthy share price boost this morning thanks to some positive broker comment and news of a tie-up between European giants Ahold and Delhaize.

Scandal-hit insurance technology firm Quindell suspended trading in its shares on AIM as the Financial Conduct Authority confirmed it had launched an investigation into the scandal-hit insurance technology firm.

 Drugs giant AstraZeneca has lost a second senior executive in as many weeks after the head of its respiratory and inflammatory medicines business quit to join a smaller rival.

Shamed Network rail bosses will today give up or lose bonuses worth up to £66,000 each because of their woeful performance.

 The Serious Fraud Office has stepped up its criminal investigation into traders accused of rigging the £3.5 trillion-a-day foreign exchange market.

 When Simon Segars arrived for his first day at work at ARM, he was greeted by the site of a computer being soldered together for him to use.

Punters were filling their baskets with supermarket stocks yesterday after news of a mega deal in Europe led to speculation about a deal for Sainsbury’s and Morrisons.

 Banking stocks in Greece slammed into reverse yesterday after the country’s creditors rejected proposals from Athens to save it from collapse, but they rallied today as sentiment over a possible last-minute bailout deal ebbed and flowed.

It was elementary: the London restaurant where Dr Watson first hears of Sherlock Holmes in Sir Arthur Conan Doyle’s debut novel has fallen into administration after the landlord hiked the rent 60 per cent.

Ikea is to flatpack its superstores by recreating the format in a smaller outlets.

Bank of England ‘hawk’ Martin Weale has hinted he could start voting for higher interest rates this summer as the economy recovers.

Rob Terry and former Quindell managers are facing an investigation by the Financial Conduct Authority over whether they misled the stock market.

Debenhams has blamed a cutback on special offers for flat third quarter sales, but Britain's second-largest department stores group said it remains on track for broadly in-line full-year results.

17.10 (close):London's blue chip share index fell after Greece's debt talks ran into another blind alley with country facing default next week.

Passenger numbers at Gatwick are up, but profits are down, just days before the airport could find out if it has beaten its rival Heathrow and might win permission to build a new runway.

British retail sales growth eased in June, a survey said today, having hit a five-month high in May, largely due to a slowdown in grocery sales as the supermarket price wars continue.

17.10 (close):London's blue chip share index fell after Greece's debt talks ran into another blind alley with country facing default next week.

Tesco executives were grilled today at its AGM from angry shareholders wanting to discuss pay, strategy and customer service.

 17.45:The FTSE 100 closed down 54.12 points at 6753.70 as miners took a hit from commodity price falls and a big drop in Chinese stocks.

Shareholders in troubled Afren hope a board clear-out will bring an end to scandals and disasters at the oil explorer.

Newspaper publisherTrinity Mirrorhas announced plans to double cost savings from £10million to £20million this year following poor advertising revenues over the last six months.

Insurance entrepreneur, Rob Terry, the former chairman ofQuindell, could teach Graham Norton a thing or two about not keeping a low profile.

 A better than expected performance from Tesco lifted the big grocers to the top of the FTSE 100 leader board.

 The London stock market’s technology sector got a boost after Oxfordshire-based cyber-security company Sophos put in a strong performance on its debut, following a well-supported float.

The Bank of England launched a fresh assault on rogue operators in the City of London last night – as the Pope attacked the ‘scandal of global inequality’.

 A British tailor that has counted chef Gordon Ramsey and singer Jamie Cullen as customers is facing insolvency after a cut in orders from high street giant Marks & Spencer.

Constable Dogberry in Shakespeare’s Much Ado About Nothing mangles every word he utters - and so do many business leaders.

 Britain’s mammoth deficit is set to fall faster than expected in a boost for George Osborne ahead of the first Conservative Budget for nearly 20 years.

It might be 139 years old but Britain's largest baker, Warburtons, is embracing new trends such as wraps, sandwich thins and gluten-free products to stay competitive.

Pimlico Plumbers, the UK's largest independent plumbing firm, has achieved a 25 per cent year-on-year jump in turnover, with sales of £25million for the year to May 31, 2015.

Stock markets are being rocked this morning by the fallout from the Greece crisis as the country announced banks would remain shut for the rest of the week.

Fresh from making millions from its stake building in Thorntons and Aer Lingus, activist investor Crystal Amber is ploughing cash into a small North Sea oil explorer.

Andy Hornby, who led HBOS when it collapsed in 2008, will share a multi-million-pound windfall if Gala Coral’s merger with Ladbrokes goes ahead.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed down 133.22 points at 6620.48 after a worldwide sell-off on fears Greece will default and crash out of the euro as soon as tomorrow.

Europe's biggest banks were routed today as Greece's banks shut their doors and Athens prepared for a shock referendum on Sunday which will decide its future in the single currency.

Collagen Solutionsis the marriage of three companies with significant experience in the supply development and manufacture of added value biomaterial products and is aiming to be more than simply the sum of these component parts.

Recently floated tool rental firm HSS Hire lost around a quarter of its value today after it admitted trading had been difficult over the last six months.

 With holidaymakers in Greece hit by the closure of the country’s banks as its debt crisis escalated, and tourists being evacuated from Tunisia following last week’s terror attack, tour operators and airlines saw some of the biggest tumbles as stocks markets took a pounding.

 Stock markets around the world face another tumultuous day as the deepening crisis in Greece sends shockwaves through financial markets.

 The multi-billion-pound bank levy paid by British lenders could be scrapped in the Budget under plans being drawn up by the Treasury.

When the Treasury announced the chairman of its flagship new City regulator back in the summer of 2012, it could not have suspected quite how troublesome the choice of John Griffith-Jones would turn out to be.

The race to control Formula One is heating up, with both Sky and Virgin Media-owner Liberty Global poised to enter the fray.

Consumer confidence has soared to its highest level for more than 15 years in the wake of the General Election.

 A fresh accounting scandal has engulfed Quindell after the Australian law firm that bought the rump of the company said it had discovered errors in its own books.

 17.35:The FTSE 100 closed down 99.50 points at 6520.98 with just hours to go before Greece misses a £1.1billion debt repayment to the IMF.

Ocado has delivered a mixed set of results - recording a decline in profits but an increase in sales - as starting to shed its posh image helped add almost a third more customers The online grocery business said profit in the six months to May slipped to £7.2million, compared to £7.5million in the same period in 2014.

 Carpetright boss Wilf Walsh has taken just one year to turnaround the previously struggling flooring specialist by taking the company upmarket and solving its famously poor customer service.

Fresh figures today revealed that William Morrison was the only one of the 'big four' UK supermarket chains to increase its market share over the last three months.

Greece has missed the deadline for its €1.6bn debt repayment to the International Monetary Fund, becoming the first developed country to fall into arrears on such payments.

The former boss of mining group Xstrata is hoping to replicate his success in his new venture by buying coal mines from Rio Tinto.

 George Osborne received a pre-Budget boost yesterday as increased business investment and rising living standards bolstered the economy.

 A new third runway at Heathrow is the ‘best answer’ to lifting Britain’s capacity, the Government’s airport tsar concluded today.

 Who said floats were dead?

 The architect of tougher rules designed to protect taxpayers from another banking crisis has rebuked HSBC and other lenders for complaining about the new regime.

Ocado blamed a fall in half-year profits on its investment in new systems that will allow it to sell its services abroad.

A little known Spanish lender is set to become a firm fixture on the High Street after snapping up challenger bank TSB.

 17.40:The FTSE 100 closed up 87.61 points at 6608.59 after a day of bad-tempered jibes by top eurozone players against Greece - but hopes of a deal are still alive.

Hungry Horse and Loch Fyne Seafood and Grill owner Greene King smashed the £1billion annual sales barrier despite feeling the hangover from Scotland’s tougher drink drive limits.

Shares in Serco jumped this morning after the outsourcer reaffirmed its profit and sales forecasts for the current year and revealed it has gone some way towards getting to grips with its cost base under the leadership of new boss Rupert Soames.

Shares in Sirius Minerals soared 60 per cent higher today after the resources group yesterday got the go ahead for its £1.7billion potash mine in Yorkshire.

The pound today fell sharply against both the dollar and the euro, after data showed British manufacturing growth last month slowed to its weakest rate in more than two years.

Greece has reportedly said it would be ready to accept most conditions from its international creditors in order to unlock fresh bailout funds to pay its debts, but Germany rejected the offer and said there would be no negotiations until after Sunday's Greek referendum on the deals terms.

Green lights flashed for the AA as its shares travelled in the fast lane and closed 13.7p better at 384.4p and 53 per cent above June 2014’s flotation price.

Drinks giant Diageo has sold its five star Gleneagles resort to London hotel owner Ennismore Capital for £200million.

Domestic politics in Britain has taken something of a back seat in recent weeks – hardly surprising given the atrocities in Tunisia and threat of financial meltdown in Greece.

Lloyds has axed more than 40,000 jobs since receiving a £20billion taxpayer bailout in the jaws of the financial crash.

Shares in Sirius Minerals soared after it got the go-ahead for its £1.7billion potash mine in Yorkshire.

The boss of Speedy Hire has made a swift exit after just 18 months in the job following a shock profits warning that has wiped a third from the shares.

 17.35:The FTSE 100 closed up 21.88 points at 6630.47 as energy and mining stocks got a boost from higher oil and metal prices.

Greene King’s focus on selling more food in its pubs helped the brewer notch up £1billion of annual sales at its retail arm for the first time.

Shares in Dixons Carphone soared by over 4 per cent this morning after the recently created group announced plans to team up with one of America’s biggest telecoms firms to open up to 500 stores.

Strong demand for new homes saw construction activity accelerate at its fastest pace in four months in June, new data showed today, and helped housebuilder Persimmon post rising first half sales.

ITV shares fell today after a review by regulator Ofcom said that implementing public service broadcast retransmission fees, which the broadcaster has been seeking, would be 'complicated.'

Luxury designer shoe company Jimmy Choo was back in fashion with City investors, striding 9.4p forward to 171p.

 The US dollar fell against the pound and euro yesterday after disappointing American jobs figures cast doubt over an early rise in interest rates.

Relations between GlaxoSmithKline and China appear to be thawing as Britain’s biggest drug maker announced a deal to make HIV medicine with Shanghai firm Desano Pharmaceuticals.

 Shares in oil giant BP extended yesterday's near 4.5 per cent climb following a relief rally on news it had finally settled its long-running US court case over the Deepwater Horizon explosion and oil spill that killed 11 workers five years ago.

 An absence of embarrassing blunders saw the boss of the financial regulator receive a bumper 15 per cent pay rise last year.

Housebuilder Persimmon said confidence in the housing market has picked up since the General Election – but it urged the Government to do more to improve the planning system.

A wave of mergers is sweeping through the insurance sector, with two deals worth a colossal total of nearly £30bn announced this week.

17.30:The FTSE 100 closed down 44.69 points at 6585.78 as investors hunker down ahead of the Greek bailout referendum.

Approval to build a new British mine in Yorkshire meant potash producer -Sirius Minerals- was the stand-out small cap this week.

Marks & Spencer boss Marc Bolland is set to face investors angered by the group’s recent underperformance and lucrative incentive plans and share options for bosses.

Warren East yesterday took over the controls at Rolls-Royce and immediately came under attack from City scribblers.

Shell has kicked off its controversial Arctic exploration programme as part of a £4.5billion search for oil under the region’s freezing, pristine seas.

A lawsuit against Quindell by its own shareholders could be launched as early as next week.

Barclays has ditched long-term auditor PwC in favour of KPMG, ignoring concerns about the accountancy firm’s role in two recent banking scandals.

The US government has demanded Royal Bank of Scotland pay £8.3billion to resolve claims that it misled purchasers of mortgage-backed securities.

Grainger, Britain’s largest market-listed landlord, is being circled by potential bidders considering a £1billion-plus takeover.

Luxury travel group ITC has completed its first major acquisition since last year’s management buyout backed by Paul Pindar, former chief executive of outsourcing giant Capita.

More than £13billion was gambled at Britain’s largest independently owned bookmaking chain, Betfred, last year as the company continued to expand online, on the high street and at racecourses via its Tote outlets.

Honda's hottest hatchback is to be exported from its UK factory in Swindon back to Japan.

 17.45:The FTSE 100 closed down 50.10 points at 6535.68 after a far from disastrous day on markets considering Greek voters' overwhelming rejection of the latest eurozone bailout in Sunday's referendum.

After less than a week in the job, new Rolls Royce boss Warren East has been forced to issue a profit warning, the engine maker's third in just over a year.

Boom!

What a welcome.

Bovis Homes outlined plans to raise its dividend yesterday after building a record number of houses in the first half of the year.

The Government may start to sell up to half its stake in RBS in the next couple of months.

 17.45:The FTSE 100 closed down 103.47 points at 6432.21, with most of the losses racked up shortly before the close as hopes of a swift Greek debt deal receded.

The average price of English farmland has almost trebled over the past 10 years, beating the FTSE 100 index and the soaring central London property market, according to research.

Big trouble in China plunged London’s Footsie further into the red as fears of faltering economic growth in the Far East knocked commodity prices, which in turn dragged down London’s mining stocks.

A raft of Tesco’s most senior bosses have been handed shares worth almost £4million as part of their bonuses.

Two months ago Britain woke up to the first fully Conservative government for nearly two decades – and it has been something of a rollercoaster for investors ever since.

Burberry will face shareholder anger at its annual meeting next week as shareholder lobby group Pirc urged shareholders to vote against its chairman and ‘excessive’ executive pay.

  17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 58.49 points at 6490.70 as the City broadly welcomed George Osborne's business-friendly Budget.

Microsoft’s stuttering attempt to take on Apple in the mobile-phone market has forced the software giant to cut 7,800 jobs and write down the value of its Nokia acquisition by £4.9billion.

Housebuilders took a hit yesterday as Chancellor George Osborne unveiled moves to clamp down on the booming buy-to-let market.

Ouch!

Embattled infrastructure group Balfour Beatty has issued yet another profits warning, saying profits would be up to £150million lower because of 'legacy issues', and sending its share down 8 per cent.

SuperGroup shares jumped nearly 4 per cent higher in morning trade as news of strong current trading and a joint venture move into China accompanied a small rise in annual profits.

 13.00:The Footsie extended its gains to over 1 per cent in lunchtime trading, tracking stronger gains by European markets on optimism that a Greek bailout deal could finally be agreed this weekend, and after a rally by Chinese stocks overnight.

Shares in Barclays rose yesterday as the City toasted the firing of the bank’s chief executive Antony Jenkins.

 17.45:The FTSE 100 closed up 90.93 points at 6581.63 as investors shrugged off a glum IMF update which downgraded its 2015 global growth forecast.

 A slowdown in output in the US and other advanced economies over the first three months of the year will peg back global growth in 2015, the International Monetary Fund has said.

Embattled infrastructure group Balfour Beatty has issued yet another profits warning – its seventh in just two years.

AstraZeneca is continuing to ditch surplus medicines as it seeks to refocus on selected therapy areas, yesterday cutting a £140million deal with gastrointestinal drug Entocort.

Britain’s housebuilders bounced back on Thursday after a miserable Budget as one of the industry’s leading figures brushed off fears of a clampdown on booming buy-to-let.

Gibraltar-based gambling group 888 Holdings was keeping its cards close to its chest yesterday after target Bwin.Party Digital Entertainment confirmed rival gaming outfit GVC Holdings made a £900million bid.

Chinese markets have suffered days of chaos and draconian measures by the Communist authorities to put a floor under plunging stock prices.

European stocks markets have soared today on hopes that debt-troubled Greece can finally agree a deal with its creditors this weekend and stave off an exit from the eurozone.

British Airways-owner International Airlines Group moved a step closer to the completion of its £1billion takeover of Aer Lingus today as Ryanair agreed to sell its almost 30 per cent stake.

 17.35:The FTSE 100 closed up 91.75 points at 6673.38, with hopes riding high that Greece is about to clinch a bailout deal to keep it in the euro.

 Eurozone finance ministers have gathered today to decide whether to offer a new bailout deal to Greece after the Greek parliament backed a new package of austerity measures proposed by Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras.

Vodafone and other stocks with big Greek businesses rang up gains on hopes that Athens may seal a rescue deal with creditors.

 Burberry could face fresh shareholder anger next week over ‘excessive’ executive pay, despite its attempts to be clearer on pay-outs this year.

 Britain's trade deficit with the rest of the world has narrowed to its lowest level for nearly two years, official figures showed.

A £950m bid for Aer Lingus by the owner of British Airways has been cleared for take-off.

Constable Dogberry in Shakespeare’s Much Ado About Nothing mangles every word he utters - and so do many business leaders.

 InterContinental Hotels Group has sold a landmark property in Kowloon Harbour for £604m.

She was dubbed the ‘Atomic Kitten’ by satirical magazine Private Eye, and while there is not much that is cuddly about the ambitious Barbara Judge, she is certainly forceful.

Wealthy City investors are suing finance firm Ingenious along with banks Coutts and HSBC over the billion-pound film production schemes that Revenue & Customs has labelled tax avoidance vehicles.

Barclays has already drawn up a list of possible successors to sacked chief executive Antony Jenkins, with the job expected to go to an outside candidate.

Barclays Bank, which last week jettisoned its chief executive Antony Jenkins, is on course to close as many branches this year as it did last, according to documents leaked to The Mail on Sunday.

The duo behind Britain’s biggest egg supplier have received a cracking £16 million dividend, in spite of falling profits.

Retailers could receive an unseasonal boost this week with Amazon preparing massive promotions on Wednesday.

Homeserve is poised to hand its founder and boss Richard Harpin a £12million dividend just over a year after the emergency repair service was fined £31million by the financial regulator.

Electrical goods giant Dixons Carphone will this week confirm that profits dipped, after it swallowed costs relating to a restructuring and a mega-merger last year.

 Nuclear power receives unfair criticism – not least because of The Simpsons, according to Lady Judge, Emeritus Chair at the Atomic Energy Authority.

The tragic Alton Towers rollercoaster crash will hit the theme park owners’ profits, the company’s own analyst has warned.

 Standard Chartered is poised to review whether to move its headquarters from London overseas once its new boss has settled into the job.

 17.40:The FTSE 100 closed up 64.57 points at 6737.95 as investors continue to wonder whether the Greek bailout is really a done deal.

Shares in Woking-headquartered Alent leapt 45 per cent higher this morning on news US rival Platform Specialty has agreed to buy the UK chemicals supplier for £1.35billion.

 The euro has weakened as doubts set in over the last-ditch deal to save Greece from bankruptcy and expulsion from the single currency bloc.

 Barclays Bank could buy a shell company to acquire a banking licence as it attempts to find the quickest way to meet new rules that force banks to be split in two.

Wages in the private sector are rising at the fastest pace for more than a decade in a boost to living standards across Britain, according to experts.

A former lieutenant to London Mayor Boris Johnson with a reputation for cost-cutting has been named as chairman of the Post Office.

 Amid a sea of green, shares in BG and Shell were bobbing lower as more questions were asked about their £55bn tie-up.

As the gates were finally slammed shut at Hatfield Colliery near Doncaster last week, Britain’s coal mining industry appears to be on its last breath.

 Chemicals group Alent has fallen prey to a US predator, agreeing to be bought by rival Platform Speciality Products in a deal valuing the company at £1.4bn.

 17.35:The FTSE 100 closed up 15.80 points at 6753.75 as investors braced for a Greek parliamentary vote on its crunch debt deal.

Infrastructure, construction and support services specialist Carillion unveiled a new contract with oil giant BP today as it revealed a strong order book and forecast in-line full-year results.

A US law firm is preparing a multimillion-pound lawsuit against banks found guilty of manipulating the foreign exchange market.

 The boss of Gatwick Airport has labelled Sir Howard Davies’ Airports Commission report ‘flawed’.

Overseas sales of British defence equipment have slipped for the first time since 2011, prompting calls from the industry for an easing of export controls and more government support.

 Sterling strengthened against the euro overnight after the Bank of England warned that the first interest rate rise since the financial crisis ‘is moving closer’.

 BT will today face accusations that its pay structure can lead to lavish windfalls for its executives.

 Let's face it, Sir Nigel Rudd’s appointment as chairman of Meggitt in April, effectively hoisted the ‘For Sale’ sign above the Dorset-based aerospace engineer.

17.15 (close):European markets struggled to make any headway today as Greek lawmakers voted on a controversial bail-out deal to save it from financial collapse.

Pay rates have risen at the strongest rate since April 2010 and with inflation hovering around zero that means people are seeing their real incomes rise faster than at any point in the last seven years.

Discount supermarket Lidl has announced a record turnover of over £4billion in last financial year, up by 21 per cent in one year alone.

17.15 (close):European markets struggled to make any headway today as Greek lawmakers voted on a controversial bail-out deal to save it from financial collapse.

The outspoken chairman of pubs giant JD Wetherspoon has become the latest boss to disagree with Chancellor George Osborne over his plans to boost the living wage for low paid workers.

The quintessentially English Aga cooker looks set to become a favourite in middle-class kitchens across the pond after the company was snapped up by a US firm for £129million.

Shares in Entertainment One slumped after its biggest shareholder sold more than a third of its holding.

The shake-up at Barclays has continued with the high street lender losing a second senior director in as many weeks.

Roadside recovery firm AA will offer customers branded credit cards and loans as part of its plan to relaunch its financial services division.

Chinese shoppers snubbing Hong Kong hit Burberry, slowing sales growth at the luxury brand.

Halfords report a strong first quarter as the rise of the ‘Mamil’ – middle-aged men in lycra – boosted demand.

Five-star talk of a pending £20billion-plus luxury international hotels merger did the rounds yesterday.

A multi-millionaire pubs tycoon was last night branded a ‘hypocrite’ for moaning about paying his workers the living wage.

The British Consul-General should have been standing on the podium with rags-to-riches billionaire Jim Ratcliffe, in Qidong, two hours north of Chinese city of Shanghai.

 17.50:The FTSE 100 closed up 42.70 points at 6796.45 as Greece's grudging yes vote to further reforms keeps its latest bailout deal on track.

Dixons Carphone has smashed expectations in its first set of annual results, almost one year on from being created from a merger between two of the high street's biggest names.

New York-based investment banking giant Goldman Sachs saw profit more than halve in the last three months after it was hit by legal costs relating to settlements over potential mortgage mis-selling in the run up to the financial crisis.

An iron ore mine in Brazil continued to give Anglo American a financial headache after it admitted it will have to write off up to £2.6billion.

Hordes of Greeks have been panic-buying large screen TVs in a desperate bid to transfer their wealth out of cash, according to one of the country’s largest shop owners.

The first shots in the battle for the top job at Marks & Spencer were fired yesterday as the company’s head of general merchandise and a main board director left, sending its shares lower.

Barclays deputy chairman Sir Mike Rake will stay on until a new chief executive is found following the ousting of Antony Jenkins, the bank said yesterday.

Iron Maiden’s single Number of the Beast climbed to number three in the charts, Tony Blair romped to a third election victory and a quarter of a million people flocked to London’s Hyde Park for Bob Geldof’s Live8 concert.

BAE Systems single-handedly generates £7.9billion a year of gross domestic product for the UK economy through the manufacturing of combat planes, warships and submarines and other defence-related equipment.

Burberry boss Christopher Bailey managed to placate shareholders at yesterday’s annual meeting after 2014’s pay revolt.

Boss of drug-maker Shire, Flemming Ornskov, was able to bank a mouth-watering £934million after its £32bn tie-up with US rival AbbVie collapsed.

A small Oxford-based cancer drug developer has secured the biggest-ever private fundraising by a European biotech, collecting $320million (£205million) from investors including Neil Woodford.

 17.35:The FTSE 100 closed down 21.37 points at 6775.08 as the Greece debt deal got the nod from Germany but the country's banks remain closed until next week.

Shares in property developer Telford Homes leapt 5 per cent as it revealed that the total value of all forward sales secured and due for completion in the year to 31 March 2016 onwards is now over £620 million.

Bank of England governor Mark Carney has rung time on rock-bottom interest rates in the UK, giving a further boost to sterling and marking what might be the floor for mortgage rates.

 Housebuilders subsided yesterday as the Bank of England warned that interest rates may start to rise at the end of this year.

 Barclays is in the spotlight again after its investment banking arm breached US rules on reporting share trades for a second time.

An investigation into Royal Mail’s dominance of the postal service yesterday wiped almost £200m off the company’s value.

 A sales slowdown at the cheap-and-cheerful chain labelled the ‘new Woolworths’ has not halted its growth ambitions.

 888 Holdings got its nose over the line ahead of rival GVC Holdings in the race for Bwin.Party Digital Entertainment yesterday.

Constable Dogberry in Shakespeare’s Much Ado About Nothing mangles every word he utters - and so do many business leaders.

 Banks in Greece have reopened three weeks after they were shut to stop a flood of withdrawals and save the country's financial system from collapse.

Food companies across Britain are ‘on the brink’ as the supermarket price wars leave many suppliers struggling to survive, according to a report.

Barclays plans to cut 30,000 jobs by the end of 2017 in a bid to speed up its latest cost-cutting strategy, a newspaper report has suggested just over a week after its chief executive was fired.

 17.35:The FTSE 100 closed up 13.61 points at 6788.69 as Greece repaid debts with a bridging loan and its banks reopened, but bailout negotiations dragged on with creditors.

Computing pioneer Apple reveals just what can be achieved by two dedicated entrepreneurs working from a garage.

Lockheed Martin has snapped up Sikorsky Aircraft, maker of the infamous Black Hawk combat helicopter for $9billion (£5.8billion).

Slashing costs in the oil sector is the name of the game and news Royal Dutch Shell is planning a further slash and burn programme came just as US oil services group Halliburton announced its own cost cutting had paid off in the shape of better than expected quarterly profit.

Ben Sherman, the British fashion brand founded in 1963, has been sold by American private equity firm Oxford Industries for £40million – half the price it paid to buy the business in 2004.

Lord Sieff, then head of food at Marks and Spencer, returned from 1950s Israel having inked an agreement with horticulturalist Gordon Bickel to buy his gypsophila spray carnation.

Rolls-Royce received a much needed boost yesterday following its recent profits warning with news of two major orders worth a combined £1.4billion.

The French conglomerate that bought up UK engineering champion Invensys last year is poised to swoop for another British firm.

 17.45:The FTSE 100 closed down 19.62 points at 6769.07 although gold, oil and copper prices have stabilised somewhat today.

The tumbling oil price, a weak currency and the threat of violence in Nigeria has hit profits at the maker of Imperial Leather soap.

The US can making giant vying to buy British industrial champion Rexam has sought to play down fears that the deal will stifle competition and could lead to higher prices.

AO World has seen its share price soar this morning after it reported strong first quarter sales figures ahead of its annual shareholder meeting later today.

Public sector borrowing fell by £800million last month to the lowest level for any June since 2008 after higher national wages boosted income tax receipts, according to official figures released today.

The decline in writing letters continued to bring a poor performance from Royal Mail as it posted flat revenues for the first quarter of its current financial year, although UK parcel volumes are growing.

Shares in IG Group tumbled nearly 7 per cent yesterday as it was hit by a double-whammy of falling profits and the departure of its boss.

Butyers stepped on the gas and helped Admiral accelerate 65p to 1518p.

The tumbling oil price, a weak currency and the threat of violence in Nigeria has hit profits at the maker of Imperial Leather.

Two deals that will change the shape of Britain’s telecoms industry are facing serious challenges from the regulators and competition authorities.

Selling expensive wares – from watches to cognac and handbags to silk scarves – is getting tougher in Hong Kong and Macau but the latest data reveals Asian tourists are still flooding Europe and the UK to shop.

A surge in demand for European beach holiday routes has put EasyJet on track for annual profit growth of up to 14 per cent, the budget airline revealed today.

Bank of England policymakers are edging closer to a long-awaited interest rate hike but are being held back the threat from the eurozone crisis, it emerged today.

Investors in AO World breathed a sigh of relief yesterday when the firm finally reported a much-needed increase in sales.

Thomas Cook and Club Med are looking into sharing flights as part of a new three-year partnership between the two holiday companies, both of which have the same Chinese shareholder.

 The FTSE 100 closed 101.73 points lower at 6667.34 as European and US markets reacted badly to disappointing results from tech and consumer bellwether Apple.

The ongoing price war between BT Group and Sky has taken its toll on upstart rival TalkTalk.

Luxury department store Harvey Nichols has made an embarrassing U-turn on its expansion plans by pulling out of a megastore in Baku in Azerbaijan after only two months.

Royal Bank of Scotland has hired external advisers to launch a fresh investigation into its treatment of small firms.

The boss of BT has been accused of ‘blackmail’ for suggesting the company could be locked in a decade of court battles if it is threatened with being broken up.

Looking out from the firm’s rooftop terrace in London’s West End, Babcock International boss Peter Rogers enjoys an elevated view that is a far cry from most of the engineering operations the group provides.

Precious stones miner Gemfields wowed investors with news that its mine in Mozambique could provide rubies for the next 21 years.

Gurgle, gurgle, gurgle.

Holidaymakers heading for the beach helped to offset the impact of French strikes for budget carrier easyJet, sending the orange airline’s shares 5 per cent higher yesterday on a better-than-expected third quarter.

TSB saw profits in the first six months of the year plummet by 44 per cent to £23.2million after being hit by merger charges and banking levies.

 17.45:The FTSE 100 closed down 12.33 points at 6655.01 despite positive reaction to Pearson's sale of the Financial Times to Japan's Nikkei.

Kingfisher, the owner of DIY chains B&Q, Screwfix and Castorama, said sales growth in the UK and France has accelerated in recent weeks, helped by some scorching summer weather.

Consumer products giant Unilever today reported a better than expected sales performance for the second quarter and reiterated its full-year outlook, sending its blue chip shares 2.5 per cent higher.

Households cut back their spending last month, leading to an unexpected 0.2 per cent dip in UK retail sales, new figures reveal.

Britain’s biggest independent energy provider is heading for a £500million stock market float.

Mothercare shares slid today as the baby goods stalwart’s recovery hit a speed bump.

Financial firms will no longer be able to charge their customers premium rates when they telephone to ask for assistance or make a complaint, the City watchdog has ruled.

 The Financial Times will be sold to Japanese news group Nikkei, ending almost 60 years of ownership by British group Pearson.

The bosses of challenger bank TSB and Yorkshire Building Society have urged the Chancellor to water down plans for a new surcharge on bank profits, warning that it will stifle competition.

 Magnum ice cream and Marmite maker Unilever hopes global demand for its ‘prestige’ products will offset weak growth in Europe and North America.

The living wage used to be a fringe cause championed by activists.

 Disgraced former bank boss Andy Hornby is to be handed a top job at the newly-merged gambling giant Ladbrokes Coral.

 Oh no, not again!

 Its business division, which includes information services as well as an events arm and the financial publisher Euromoney, saw sales rise 4 per cent.

 Betting firms Ladbrokes and Gala Coral have agreed to merge, creating a £2.3billion gambling giant, having revealed they were in talks at the end of last month.

Some £500million was wiped off the value of Aggreko following the temporary power giant’s latest profits warning.

Mobile phone giant Vodafone has posted improved quarterly sales growth and shown further signs that its European business is nearing a full recovery.

 17.20:The FTSE 100 closed down 75.20 points at 6579.81 as commodity price falls continued to take a toll on some of London's biggest stocks, including BP and Shell.

Guinness and Smirnoff maker Diageo is being investigated by the US financial regulator over allegations it tried to boost sales figures artificially by shipping extra inventory to distributors.

Getting involved with Russell Brand did not do much for Ed Miliband, butAudioboommust be hoping for better luck.

Further cost slashing and job cuts by Anglo American was welcome relief for shareholders in the mining giant today.

The prolonged slump in commodity prices on Friday forced Anglo American to reveal further cost slashing and huge job cuts.

Guinness and Johnnie Walker owner Diageo is under investigation in America for artificially boosting its sales.

A sickly Dr Copper dragged down mining stocks on Friday, with shares in Chilean producer Antofagasta feeling particularly off-colour.

Pearson is looking to sell its 50 per cent stake in the Economist publishing operation after selling the Financial Times in an £844million mega-deal with a Japanese company.

Billionaire brothers Ian and Richard Livingstone saw the value of their property empire soar by £640 million last year.

From basket case to billion pound business, Travelodge has undergone a remarkable turnaround in just three short years.

Luxury watchmaker Christopher Ward has seen a threefold rise in international sales over three years to £2.2 million in the year ending April 2015.

One of the country’s best-known captains of industry, Sir Gerry Robinson, has unexpectedly quit as boss of Britain’s biggest motorway services chain, Moto.

The falling price of oil and gas continues to take its toll on energy firms as British Gas-owner Centrica, BP and Royal Dutch Shell are set to reveal increased cost cutting to cope.

Pearson, fresh from selling the Financial Times to Japan’s Nikkei Group, is in talks to sell its 50 per cent stake in The Economist Group to its existing shareholders.

The Alton Towers rollercoaster crash could wipe as much as £47million off theme park profits at owner Merlin, it was revealed today.

 17.50:The FTSE 100 closed down 74.68 at 6505.13 as last night's share rout in China caused ripples across global markets.

UK consumer confidence last month reached its highest level for over four and a half years, new findings revealed today, but the younger generation is less optimistic about their finances.

A 'favourable' flu season helped Nurofen and Strepsils maker Reckitt Benckiser post better-than-expected first half results, leading it to increase its full year revenue and profit margin targets.

Low-cost airline Ryanair today promised to slash fares as it posted a 25 per cent hike in profits, with passenger numbers up 16 per cent - thanks in part to its new 'customer-friendly' tactics.

You may think ‘digital trust’ is something that has suddenly become very important to the users of the Ashley Madison web site.

The owner of online gaming firm Sportingbet has tabled a new £1billion proposal to try to gatecrash the takeover of FoxyBingo owner Bwin.party by a rival.

Tesco has announced lavish plans to shower its senior executives with shares worth £25million.

Greece may have grabbed the headlines for much of the summer but its never-ending debt crisis is only one small storm cloud hanging over the global economy.

The strong pound may be good for British holidaymakers in Europe this summer but it is taking its toll on manufacturers.

A major overhaul of Italian designer brand Gucci has paid off for owner Kering as it reported a surge in sales.

How would it feel to know all your hard work over the past seven months was for nothing?

The healthcare giant behind Nurofen and Durex used better than expected half-year figures to hint that it is back on the acquisition trail.

 17.40:The FTSE 100 closed up 50.15 points at 6555.28 as traders await word from the US Federal Reserve on whether a September interest rate rise is on the cards.

The firm that owns Alton Towers saw £180million wiped off its value after warning that some customers were too scared to go on its rides following a rollercoaster accident last month.

Early summer good weather boosted sales at high street star Next – leading it to raise its profits forecast for this year.

The UK economy is back on track following a weaker-than-expected start to the year after data today showed growth of 0.7 per cent in the second quarter.

Oil giant BP has said its profits took a big hit after it was forced to pay a huge bill for the Gulf of Mexico oil spill and struggled to deal with continually low oil prices.

There were mixed fortunes for ITV today as it revealed a 25 per cent surge in half-year profits despite audience numbers dipping to a 15-year low.

RSA Insurance has found itself the takeover target from Swiss giant Zurich in a possible deal worth up to £5.6billion.

Corporate finance departments in big City firms have been burning the midnight oil for months.

More than £820million was added to the value of struggling insurance giant RSA on Tuesday after Swiss rival Zurich admitted it is mulling a takeover bid.

Shareholders in engineering and manufacturing turnaround specialist Melrose Industries are set for a £2billion windfall after it sold its gas, electricity and water metering firm Elster to Honeywell International for £3.3billion.

17.20 (close):The London market rose for the second session in a row today as Barclays led a series of blue-chip firms reporting strong corporate results.

Blockbuster TV series such as Fortitude and Game of Thrones helped Sky recruit the most new customers in 11 years.

People quitting smoking, currency swings and higher taxes hit half year sales at the world’s second largest cigarette company.

17.20 (close):The London market rose for the second session in a row today as Barclays led a series of blue-chip firms reporting strong corporate results.

Activist investor GO Investment Partners is expected to increase the pressure on the Premier Farnell board to undergo an aggressive restructuring or merge with rival Electrocomponents.

People quitting smoking, currency swings and higher taxes hit half-year sales at the world’s second-largest cigarette firm.

Shares in social media company Twitter took another big tumble yesterday after investors digested a poor monthly update and downbeat comments from its co-founder Jack Dorsey.

He is known around the world as the godfather of the start-up industry.

The property market has recovered from its pre-election jitters, in a boost for housebuilder Taylor Wimpey along with estate agents Foxtons and Rightmove.

A raft of original dramas including Arctic thriller Fortitude and Italian political drama 1992 have helped Sky to beat City expectations for its full-year figures.

Long-suffering Barclays investors received unwelcome news yesterday as the lender said it would freeze its dividend despite unveiling a surge in profits.

Shares in Pets at Home closed down almost 5 per cent or 13.9p to 274.1p after it missed first quarter targets.

British Gas announced yesterday that its profits had doubled while its parent company is to slash 6,000 jobs.

Taxpayer-backed Royal Bank of Scotland has fallen back into the red after taking another £1.3billion hit for banking scandal fines and warned that was not the end of the payouts.

There was a short circuit at electronics specialist Premier Farnell yesterday when it revealed half-year profit will be well below expectations.

Demand for its new HIV medicines lifted some of the gloom for drugs giant GlaxoSmithKline in a weak first half.

Comapss Group, the world's biggest caterer, has seen its shares slide today after it said profits this year would be hit by falling demand from customers on oil rigs and mining camps.

Shares in fund management group Jupiter rose after the group reported an increase in assets under management and a rise in profits to £84million in the first half of this year from £48.4million in the same period of 2014.

The final whistle was blown on yet another trophy London property development after Quintain Estates recommended a £700million or 131p a share cash bid from US private equity fund Lone Star.

Royal Dutch Shell will slash 6,500 jobs from its global workforce of 94,000 this year after the plunging oil price burnt a hole in its profits.

 17.40:The FTSE 100 closed up 37.87 points at 6668.87 as Shell results pleased investors despite a large drop in earnings.

Estate agent Countrywide was the biggest faller on the FTSE 250 today with shares down more than 6 per cent after it posted a sharp fall in profits amid a slowdown in the housing market.

Britain’s biggest telecom firm BT Group said it was on track to meet its full-year expectations thanks to strong demand for its superfast broadband and a flurry of new customers signing up to see Champions League football.

Big or small, everything is up for grabs in this bid-crazed marketplace.

Marks & Spencer is to close nine of its stores and is consulting with 430 staff whose jobs are affected.

Royal Bank of Scotland has dashed hopes that it will finally resume paying dividends next year – warning that shareholders will not receive payouts until the start of 2017 at the earliest.

Shares in marketing group Chime Communications soared by more than a quarter yesterday after it emerged as a £367million takeover target.

AstraZeneca yesterday reported a slide in sales and profits a year after fending off a £69billion hostile takeover bid from US rival Pfizer.

The boss of Santander says it will be years before the lender presses ahead with long-mooted plans to float on the UK stock market.

Diageo chief executive Ivan Menezes claimed the Smirnoff and Guinness maker was its best shape ever despite missing targets and producing lacklustre results.

The Tunisian terror attack and concerns about the Greek economic crisis forced beleagured package holiday firm Thomas Cook to issue a profit warning yesterday.

Sensitive skin is normally an issue for cosmetics makers, not defence companies.

Shares in estate agent Countrywide tumbled yesterday after it said the General Election ‘depressed’ the housing market across Britain.

When Richard Wall set up his business in 1786 it was a purveyor of fine pork to the landed gentry.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 27.41 points at 6696.28 as a mixed batch of US economic data sparked yet more frenzied guesswork about the timing of a rate hike.

British Airways owner IAG has seen its second quarter operating profits rocket to €530million, compared with €380million achieved a year earlier helped by lower fuel costs on the weak oil price.

Small cap IPO’s will be opened up to the crowd within the next twelve months, according to City brokerNumis, which has joined lauded fund manager Neil Woodford and the Rothschild family as the latest crowdfunding backers.

US telecoms and television giant Liberty Global - controlled by tycoon and chairman John Malone - has increased its stake in ITV to 9.9 per cent.

BG Group, which is on course for a £47billion takeover by its bigger rival Shell, has posted a fall in profits in its second quarter despite upping its production to record levels.

An activist hedge fund based in San Francisco has become one of Rolls-Royce’s biggest shareholders.

Martin Lewis pocketed £25.2million after selling a large chunk of his shares in Moneysupermarket.com.

The true impact of the living wage on Britain’s embattled retailers was laid bare in analysis by research firm Moody’s.

The oil price rout found new victims on both sides of the Atlantic yesterday as BG Group and Chevron revealed profits had tanked.

Dutch consumer goods veteran Bart Becht has given up shoes to concentrate on mascara.

A Scottish firm that refurbishes old phones and sells them around the globe has quadrupled its sales in four years from £20million to £80million.

Red Letter Days, the firm founded by Dragons’ Den entrepreneur Rachel Elnaugh and saved from collapse by her fellow ‘Dragons’ Peter Jones and Theo Paphitis, saw profits more than double last year.

Morrisons has taken another battering in the past six months and is expected to report that profits have fallen 25 per cent, according to the company’s newly appointed broker Shore Capital.

Greece's stock market dropped over 20 per cent in early deals today as it finally opened after being shut for five weeks under capital controls imposed by the Greek government as it negotiated a debt bailout.

InsurerRSAwill be looking to push up the price for potential bidder Zurich to as high as 600p a share as it presents its half-yearly results this week.

Bank of England officials will this week clash over when to raise interest rates – with some set to argue for an immediate increase.

15.00:The Footsie dropped back to its lows for the day in late afternoon trade as US blue chips fell back in opening trade, weighed by big falls by commodity issues after factory data from China knocked metal and oil prices.

Banking giant HSBC's profits climbed 10 per cent to $13.6billion (£8.7billion) in the first half of this year, as it cashed in on Asia's wealthy and continued to wield the axe on unloved parts of its business.

British manufacturing growth picked up in July but new orders grew at their slowest pace in nearly a year, a survey showed today, suggesting the factory sector will continue to drag on overall economic growth, muddying the picture for the Bank of England as it considers when to raise interest rates.

The UK government could kick-start the sell-off of its 79 per cent stake in rescued lender RBS within the next two weeks, and potentially as early as today, according to press reports.

Shares in Trinity Mirror jumped 10 per cent today as the newspaper group said it expects to hit profit targets for the rest of the year, with first half results showing digital revenues continuing to grow.

Shares in Rolls-Royce were among the biggest risers on the London market yesterday on hopes that US activist investor ValueAct will instigate a shake-up at the Derby engineer.

Safety checking firmIntertekwas the biggest riser on the FTSE 100 yesterday despite a slowdown in its oil and gas testing division.

The reopening of the Athens Stock Exchange after a five-week hiatus was a predictably ugly affair but it was worries about China that took a toll on shares in London yesterday.

 09.05:The Footsie fell back in early trade, extending yesterday's declines in tandem with drops by US stocks, with energy stocks the main drag on sentiment after the price of Brent crude dived to a six month low under $50 a barrel overnight on worries over global growth.

Fewer claims for major bad weather events, cost cutting and better customer service have benefited insurance company Direct Line as it posted a nearly 50 per cent rise in profit in the first half.

Sellers were all over drug-maker Shire like a rash on hearing it had been rejected after making a stonking £19.6billion all-share offer for Baxalta, the bleeding disorders and immune deficiencies specialist, recently spun out of Baxter International.

Smiths Group shares shot towards the top of the FTSE 100 yesterday after reports that US activist hedge fund ValueAct has taken a stake in the industrial stalwart.

Growth in Britain's construction industry slowed unexpectedly in July, hurt by a loss of momentum in housebuilding as the post-election bounce showed signs of fading.

 17.40:The FTSE 100 closed up 65.84 points at 6752.41 as poor US employment figures had investors revising their expectations of a Fed rate hike once again.

Standard Chartered has halved its dividend after posting a slump in profits for the first half of the year and said it would consider raising capital externally if necessary.

Budget airline Ryanair has become the first airline ever to fly more than 10 million passengers in a month as its customer service overhaul continues to boost business.

Insurer Legal & General has seen its shares rise 2 per cent this morning after it posted a steep rise in operating profit for the first half of this year driven by its performance in the bulk annuity market.

The owner of the London Stock Exchange has seen its profits jump following the acquisition last year of US rival Russell Investments.

More people are signing up to Virgin Media’s broadband and mobile phone bundles, helping the group sell its highest number of services in five years, with an extra 19,000 taken out.

Baggage carousels carrying buckets of water with fish sloshing around in them are not things the boss of British Airways owner IAG, Willie Walsh, or easyJet’s Carolyn McCall have had to confront.

School's out for summer and a record number of students will soon be flying the nest and heading to university after receiving their A-level results.

Standard Chartered’s new boss inflicted more misery on long suffering shareholders as he slashed the dividend in half.

Aviva Investors has attacked Indian billionaire Anil Agarwal’s £1.5billion plans to buy out minority shareholders in oil and gas company Cairn India.

The boss of insurance giant Legal & General has urged businesses to stop ‘obsessing’ about minute increases in interest rates and focus on investing for the future.

Shares of scandal-hit insurance software firm Quindell tanked nearly 40 per cent this morning in the wake of the bombshell last night that it is facing a Serious Fraud Office investigation into its ‘business and accounting practices’.

Shares in some of America’s top entertainment firms fell last night as investors took fright over a string of disappointing results.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed down 5.32 points at 6747.09 as the Bank of England's 'Super Thursday' for interest rates underwhelmed traders.

Takeover target RSA Insurance has trebled its half year profits as chief executive Stephen Hester's 'action plan' for the British insurer shows signs it is coming to fruition.

Insurance giant Aviva treated investors – including 600,000 small shareholders – to a 15 per cent hike in its dividend after announcing another impressive set of results.

US investment firm Global Infrastructure Partners has put London City Airport up for sale, hoping it will fetch around £2billion.

Sterling fell against the euro today after the Bank of England that interest rates will not be rising any time in the near future.

With the gold price looking so tarnished investors in precious metal mining companies have had nothing to celebrate.

Old Mutual reported a 20 per cent rise in profits as the firm harnessed growth in African markets.

Ownership of Britain’s largest and best-known chocolatier Cadbury could soon be on the move again after an activist investor bought a hefty stake in its parent company Mondelez.

   17.40:The FTSE 100 closed down 28.60 points at 6718.49 amid hardening expectations that the US Federal Reserve will raise interest rates at its September meeting.

Bookmaker William Hill was the biggest FTSE 250 loser this morning after it blamed the UK government’s new taxes on gambling machines and online betting for a slide in profits.

The strength of the pound continued to reduce UK exports in June while imports rose, swollen by an increase in the flow of oil.

Once upon a timeQuindellwas worth almost £3billion and was the most highly valued company on AIM.

Parcel delivery firm UK Mail today warned that profits for the year would be ‘materially below expectations’ after experiencing problems with its new automated sorting equipment and following the relocation of its headquarters.

Bellway sold a record number of homes last year thanks to low mortgage rates and said that it expected demand to stay strong despite a looming rise in borrowing costs.

Oil major Royal Dutch Shell is offloading a Chinese lubricant business as part of a drive to streamline its refining arm.

A string of potential blockbusters will keep investors’ eyes firmly glued on Cineworld’s shares.

Oil investors who expected a quick recovery when the price of the black stuff halved earlier this year could be disappointed, experts have warned.

The wrong type of parcel sparked chaos at a new distribution centre causing ownerUK Mailto issue a profit warning.

The US edged closer to raising its interest rates for the first time since the financial crisis as jobs figures showed the recovery is on track.

The prospect of Allied Irish Bank beginning to pay back a state bailout has improved as the lender almost tripled its profits in the first half of the year.

Three European bottlers of Coca-Cola drinks have joined forces in a £20billion fizzy drinks mega-merger.

GVC Holdings, the gaming group trying to crash the £900million merger between rivals Bwin and 888, has secured backing from its investors to make a hostile bid for Bwin.

It's sun, sea and sand all the way for its guests this summer, but Mark Warner has revealed a less-than-sunny set of accounts.

Workers at luxury yacht manufacturer Sunseeker have won an improved pay deal after rejecting the management's initial offer.

Tesco is poised to cast off its ‘junk’ status in financial markets as it closes in on the sale of assets that may be worth more than £5billion.

For four years it has been the place to go for drivers wary of inflated quotes from garages.

Prudential's new chief executive Mike Wells should have good news for his shareholders when he introduces himself at his maiden financial results tomorrow.

Women's fashion retailer Hobbs has racked up a £15.6million annual loss after it was hit by legal fees and redundancy costs.

Anglo-Irish drugs giantShireis expected to begin takeover talks with US rival Baxalta within days.

  17.45:The FTSE 100 closed up 17.73 points at 6736.22 as Warren Buffett struck a $37billion aerospace deal.

Go Compare and Sheilas' Wheels owner Esure has seen its shares drop off 10 per cent this morning after it revealed a unexpected slide in profits.

Independent Oil & Gas shares were sent into free-fall today after the explorer revealed it lost its number one backer thanks to the declining price of oil.

Struggling supermarkets have dragged down the overall profitability of British companies by nearly a quarter to its lowest level in six years.

The latest and biggest in a recent line of global takeovers was announced yesterday as US investor Warren Buffett snapped up aircraft parts and engineering group Precision Castparts for £24billion.

AstraZeneca's biological research and development arm MedImmune has signed up to work with Inovio Pharmaceuticals on DNA-based immunotheraphy treatments for cancer and infectious diseases.

How do your shareholders react when cyber-attackers steal details belonging to 2.4million of your customers?

Novelty is the lifeblood of consumer businesses.

The former boss of Quindell received almost £100,000 when the company 'inadvertently' loaned him the money interest free for nine months, it has emerged.

China's main retail groups have taken a joint step to integrating online and retail shopping – by taking stakes in each other.

 17.35:The FTSE 100 closed down 71.68 points at 6664.54 as London stocks suffered the fallout from China's decision to devalue its currency.

Meggit has snapped up the advanced carbon fibre composites division of smaller rival Cobham in a £130million all-cash deal.

When major multinational companies come to announce the largest restructuring in their history, few would choose to do so in a blog post.

Shares in Prudential soared almost 5 per cent as it reassured investors over the plunge in the Chinese stock market and revealed a surge in profits.

Star fund manager Neil Woodford has revealed he will release more shares for his newest fund to try and meet demand.

Two pension firms are merging in a £1.7billion deal after being hit by pension reforms.

Booming sales of rings and necklaces helped Danish jewellery chain Pandora post sparkling second-quarter figures in the UK.

On a day when a major topic of conversation in dealing rooms was the surprise decision by search engine giant Google to restructure into a new holding company called Alphabet to pool its many subsidiaries, WANdisco, a company once tipped as possibly being the next Google or Facebook, remained friendless and flat at 187.5p, only 7.5p above its June 2012 flotation price.

Stock markets around the world have tumbled again as worries over the Chinese economy and its plunging currency overshadowed signs of progress in the Greece bailout deal.

Diageo chief executive Ivan Menezes (pictured) saw his pay package almost halve in the wake of last year’s lacklustre performance.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed down 93.35 points at 6571.19 as China's second devaluation in two days caused ructions on world markets.

Royal Bank of Scotland has dished out a £3.4million shares windfall to its top executives – just over a week after the Government began selling its stake in the bank at a £1.1billion loss.

Pearson has sold its 50 per cent stake in the Economist just weeks after offloading the Financial Times newspaper.

The London stock market has stabilised after falls in the value of the Chinese yuan saw equities traders hitting the sell button and wiping almost £24billion from the value of the UK’s biggest blue-chip companies.

Dame Colette Bowe has never taken the easy option.

The boss of G4S says he does not know whether the company has done enough to win back the Government’s trust.

The restaurant business founded by Sir Terence Conran is being lined up for a stock market float.

Durex-maker Reckitt Benckiser has been cleared by competition authorities to buy personal lubricant, KY Jelly, but will have to licence the brand to a rival for eight years in the UK.

The safe haven status that gold holds in the investment world has obviously not lost its appeal.

Sainsbury's customers can buy clothes online for the first time ever today as it looks to take on rivals Marks & Spencer, Tesco and Asda.

The brutal massacre on a Tunisian beach that saw 38 people gunned down while enjoying their summer holidays is expected to cost TUI Group £25million, the travel operator revealed today.

17.15:The FTSE 100 closed down 2.86 points at 6568.33 as upbeat data from the US suggested a rate hike in September could still be on the cards.

Over recent years, surprise convulsions in the world financial markets have turned August into the cruellest month.

The slump in global commodity prices has forced Glencore into taking a £1billion hit to its operations and spending plans.

Global stock markets are on track for heavy weekly losses following China's move to devalue its currency over the past days.

Britain’s jobs boom lifted recruiter Michael Page, leading to the first special dividend for shareholders in its four-decade history.

You can bet your life that next Wednesday’s general meeting of Playtech’s shareholders at the Sefton Hotel in Douglas, Isle of Man, will be brief.

A spate of record-breaking new blockbuster movies such as Fifty Shades of Grey and Furious 7 helped Cineworld post strong half-years results, writes Rupert Steiner.

British theme park technology group Accesso has extended its reach thanks to a major deal with one of Australia’s largest amusement parks.

The firm behind Birds Eye fish fingers has bitten off a £500million chunk of the Findus food empire.

08:30:The Footsie has opened up flat after China's central bank announced it had strengthened the yuan against the US dollar following three days of devaluations.

Britain's leading banks - including  Barclays, HSBC and Royal Bank of Scotland - are part of a settlement of more than $2billion (£1.3 billion) with US investors over foreign exchange rate rigging claims.

A respected fund manager has taken a multi-million pound gamble that the ‘worst is to come’ at Standard Chartered.

The Tory election victory has boosted the sale of Agas since May as home county Conservative voters splashed out on their kitchens – buoyed and relieved that Labour under Ed Miliband had not made it into number 10.

Constable Dogberry in Shakespeare’s Much Ado About Nothing mangles every word he utters - and so do many business leaders.

The owner of Moonpig, the online greetings card website, is on the verge of being sold to a powerful private equity firm for between £350million and £450million.

Healthcare giant Shire must return to acquisition target Baxalta with an offer worth ‘closer to $50’ (£32) a share if it hopes to gain access to detailed financial information about the company, sources have told The Mail on Sunday.

Two of Britain’s leading housebuilders will this week reveal surging profits, boosted by tight planning rules that have restricted competition from smaller builders trying to enter the market.

Private equity firm Bridgepoint is poised to sell LGC – which supplies forensic science services to the police and acts as the Government’s official chemist, testing food and drugs for safety – for up to £700million.

Supermarket group Morrisons is looking to draw a line under its failed foray into smaller convenience stores.

Toilets, train stations and shops will become grubbier as a result of the new ‘living wage’, the boss of the company that cleans the London Underground has warned.

Commodity trader Glencore is set to post a large drop in profits this week as boss Ivan Glasenberg nurses his biggest ever paper loss on his investment.

The London market closed broadly flat today, shrugging off a fall in Morrisons' stock after a report that it was closing in a deal to sell 160 M-Local stores.

August house prices have been the strongest since before the financial crisis because of a shortage of homes put up for sale, research shows.

A key Bank of England official has warned that the economic recovery is in serious risk if the Bank of England delays implementing a interest rate hike.

How isPetropavlovskweathering the storms in the commodities markets, given the plunge in the gold price, the knock-on effects in mining equities and the corresponding collapse in sentiment?

Kent-based builder Bovis Homes sold a record number of homes in the first six months of this year, with sales boosted by better mortgage availability and an uptick in the British economy.

Quindell has named a chief executive as the battle-scarred technology group charts a new era, writes Peter Campbell.

Six months ago, Indro Mukerjee may have been the only business person in London who had not heard of Quindell.

Airbus has heralded its biggest-ever single order for 250 passenger jets worth £17billion from Indian budget carrier IndiGo.

The boss of SuperGroup has been awarded shares worth £1.4million.

Brompton is moving to a new factory as increased demand leaves it struggling to cope in its current facilities.

Babestation owner Cellcast Group and internet domains firm Centralnic were among the most googled UK stocks on the web yesterday, thanks to separate links with – who else?

H&M has beaten expectations with strong trading in July.

CLOSE:Blue-chip shares drifted today as house builders were hit by profit-taking and mining stocks suffered after another volatile session in Asia.

Britain’s biggest building society has slammed the government's new bank tax, warning the changes will cost it an extra £300million over the next five years, as it posted a leap in first quarter profits.

The boss of Asda has said the supermarket giant has hit rock bottom with its worst quarterly sales slump in 50 years.

Engineer Wood Group has been forced to slash 5,000 jobs so far this year as it strives to cut costs amid the plunge in oil prices.

Royal Dutch Shell’s Arctic ambitions have sparked a political row in the US after presidential candidate Hillary Clinton opposed its plans.

Britain’s biggest banks have racked up almost £50billion in charges to cover fines and lawsuits since the financial crisis.

Asda chief executive Andy Clarke insisted he is ‘here to stay’ after the grocer posted its worst-ever trading figures.

The Co-operative Group is on the verge of abandoning efforts to recoup a £31,000 severance payment handed to Paul Flowers, the disgraced former methodist minister who ran its banking arm.

Persimmon is looking forward to a strong autumn after defying the traditional summer slowdown in the housing market.

It's not a matter of if, but when?

Cardiff-based insurer Admiral has posted an unexpected rise in profits driven by growing customer numbers and lower than expected claims and it said car insurance premiums had began to rise for the first time in three years.

CLOSE:The FTSE 100 Index tumbled to a seven-month low today as it endured its biggest one-day fall since the height of the Greek debt crisis, dropping 122.8 points or 1.88 per cent to 6403.4.

Outgoing Bank of England policymaker David Miles has said interest rates are set to rise 'pretty soon' as growth in Britain's economy picks up pace.

London's shares have fallen for the eight day in a row as the stock market sank to a seven-month low.

Divorcing the father of two of your children and marrying again is not usually used as an analogy to describe a family-run business but Vitalie Taittinger, heiress of the champagne house Taittinger, is not a traditional woman.

Punch-drunk shareholders in Lonmin witnessed another catastrophic day’s trading.

The devastating commodities rout has forced trader and mining giant Glencore to report a £432million first-half loss.

Motor insurer Admiral sailed into a controversy after it used money earmarked as a cushion against large claims to boost its half-year profit figure.

Troubled Co-Operative Bank has posted big losses in the first six months of this year and warned that will remain in the red until 2017.

CLOSE:The FTSE 100 closed down 35.56 points at 6367.89, in what was the eighth consecutive drop.

Hard-pressed UK manufacturers saw some respite this month, with order books recovering and exports ticking up, according to a survey published today, although expectations for future output have fallen to their lowest level since January.

Shares in London-listed Kazakhstan miners were boosted when the country’s currency tumbled by a fifth yesterday.

Losses at the Co-operative Bank tripled last year due to a slew of charges for misdemeanours and the costs of splitting from the Co-op Group.

A century after its inception the sprawling 76-building AgustaWestland complex in Yeovil, Somerset, today represents Britain’s oldest aircraft factory in continuous use.

A current craze for adult colouring books and strong sales of the 50 Shades of Grey follow-up novel Grey helpedWH Smithlift profit forecasts for the full year.

A vodka price war in Poland causedStock Spiritsto issue a profit warning, but shares rallied 10 per cent, after an early dip.

London share prices plummeted today as global stock markets were routed again amid fears of a financial crunch in China.

A good old-fashioned engineering company that traces its roots back to Liverpool in 1865 provided some welcome relief to depressed City dealing rooms, which continue to fret about an economic slowdown in China and the timing of the first rise in US interest rates for more than nine years.

17:00:London share prices plummeted today as global stock markets were routed again amid fears of a financial crunch in China.

Luxury goods brands are feeling the pinch of the slowing Chinese economy with exports of expensive Swiss watches falling the most in more than five years.

Britain's biggest private hospital operator has been hammered after warning over NHS belt-tightening.

Time is running out for Zurich to make a formal offer for British insurance giant RSA.

The markets were so sickly yesterday that even a multi-million pound drug deal by GlaxoSmithKline couldn’t perk up traders.

Global markets slumped yesterday as fears over Chinese growth led to a selling spree across several continents.

The FTSE 100 index is now well below its level of six months ago thanks to a turbulent summer on global markets (see graph below).

Tesco could receive far less from the sale of its South Korean supermarket chain than hoped for, after a slide in the local currency looked set to blow a hole in its asking price.

The company that allows Coronation Street fans to get behind the bar of the Rovers Return pub doubled its turnover last year as visitor numbers and the average spend at its attractions increased.

The world’s largest mining firm BHP Billiton is poised to reveal its worst annual profit slump in a decade with more pain to come this year as falling commodity prices bite.

The FTSE 100 plunged by 2.4 per cent as markets opened this morning as fears over China's economic slowdown triggered panic selling across Western markets.

Profit has rocketed at the Payment Protection Insurance claims company set up by the family behind rogue debt brokerage firm Yes Loans.

Sir Martin Sorrell’s advertising group WPP is this week set to report a sharp increase in profit for the first half of the year.

First-time buyers save themselves £670 a year paying for their home compared with the cost of renting, according to new figures for June, but the gap is narrowing, with the difference having been £1,018 in the same month last year.

The new owners of BHS are looking for a £65million lifeline as they struggle to turn around the ailing high street business.

Britons searching for summer sun in the south of France helped Eurostar hit a record one million passengers in a single month.

Investors are braced for another round of disastrous results from mining companies this week as the commodities rout takes its toll on profits.

Partners at ‘Big Four’ accounting firm Deloitte earned an average of £822,000 last year – with chief executive David Sproul picking up £2.8million.

 Ahead of this Friday’s revised official second quarter GDP data, the CBI has raised its forecast for UK economic growth, and has also bought forward its estimate for a first UK interest rate hike.

The Footsie dived 4.7 per cent today - with £74bn wiped off the UK stock market - as investors around the world were sent into panic mode by China's 'Black Monday'.

Chancellor George Osborne wants Lloyds Bank back in private hands within the year after he announced that the government has reduced its holding in the lender to below 13 per cent.

Northern Ireland’s independent broadcaster UTV Media has confirmed it is in talks to sell its television arm to ITV after speculation at the weekend.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed down 288.78 points at 5898.87, wiping nearly £74billion off the UK's top market today.

Punch Taverns is to sell 158 pubs to commercial property firm NewRiver for £53.5million as it continues with its strategy to dispose of non-core assets in a bid to tackle its debt mountain.

The apocalypse is not meant to happen in August.

The fierce sell-off on global markets could be the start of ‘a very serious situation’ for the world and raising interest rates would be a ‘serious error’, according to a former US Treasury Secretary.

BT has landed another hammer blow on pay-TV arch-rival Sky by bagging the rights to show Ashes cricket played in Australia.

RSA Insurance was the only blue-chip survivor in a day of market carnage on talk that suitor Zurich Insurance would still table a long-awaited bid.

Shares in mining stocks were among the worst affected yesterday, plummeting as the wider market meltdown stripped more than £9billion from the FTSE 100’s mining sector.

Almost £3billion was wiped from the value Lloyds and Royal Bank of Scotland as the stock market rout caused carnage at Britain’s biggest banks.

The prolonged sell-off of London shares came to a halt today as China's central bank cut interest rates in an effort to shore up the economy after more carnage on Asian stock markets overnight.

Shares in insurance giant RSA jumped for a second day after Swiss insurer Zurich renewed hopes of a takeover by tabling a a long-awaited provisional cash bid of 550p, valuing the firm at £5.6billion.

Sainsbury’s was the only one of the ‘Big Four’ supermarkets to increase sales in the past 12 week, according to the latest industry data, but still saw its number two spot in the sector retaken by Asda, The latest till roll numbers from market research firm Kantar Worldpanel shows Sainsbury's sales rose 0.1 per cent in the period to August 16, its first growth since March, although its market share slipped to 16.3 per cent from 16.4 per cent based on the same period last year.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 182.47 points at 6081.34 as investors welcomed China's hasty rate cut, which stemmed the tide of selling that overwhelmed markets yesterday.

BHP Billiton was the biggest riser on the FTSE 100 today as resource and mining stocks bounced back after falling to their lowest level since 2009 yesterday amid the wider market meltdown.

The stock market rout in China has sent shockwaves around the world – and left many wondering if this is a ‘Lehman Brothers moment’.

Phew, what a relief.

A stemming of the oil price collapse yesterday did not stop analysts predicting a further tumble, as production continues to outstrip expected demand.

Tesco's market share has fallen to a 10-year low as Britain’s big four’ supermarkets continue to lose ground to German discounters Lidl and Aldi.

Almost £200million was added to the value of RSA as investors licked their lips at the prospect of a takeover.

The London stock market slid back into the red this afternoon despite a positive open on Wall Street as fears over Asian economies persisted.

 17.25:The FTSE 100 closed down 102.14 points at 5979.20 as investors remain jumpy over global market volatility.

High Street favourite Paddy Power and online bookie Betfair are looking to join forces to create one of the world's biggest gambling businesses.

Tool and equipment rental firm HSS Hire has issued a profit warning just seven months after it debuted on the London Stock Exchange.

Martin Sorrell, boss of advertising giant WPP said he remained optimistic about the impact of China’s economic slowdown despite its sales growing at a slower pace in the second quarter.

Retail sales picked up pace this month thanks to a welcome bounce back for under-pressure supermarkets and strong demand for summer clothing, a report showed today.

One of Britain’s leading businessmen yesterday declared that he is still ‘a raging bull’ about China despite fears over the world’s second-largest economy.

Shop staff at Sainsbury’s are set for a pay rise of 4 per cent – the highest pay increase the grocer has awarded in more than a decade.

A frenetic explosion of merger and acquisition activity in the drugs sector during the first six months of 2015 saw a staggering £141 billion worth of deals done.

The European Central Bank stands ready to print more emergency funds to protect the eurozone from a global economic slowdown and carnage on financial markets, according to its chief economist.

Ian Gorham does not fit the stereotype of a slick, immaculately coiffured FTSE 100 boss.

The latest product of the merger mania gripping the betting industry has been nicknamed ‘Betty Power’ after Irish bookiePaddy Powerand online specialistBetfairrevealed plans to create a £6.5billion gaming giant.

Stock markets continued to swing wildly today as European traders bought back into shares in response to moves by Chinese authorities to shore up their financial system and by an upgrade to US economic growth.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 212.83 points at 6192.03, clawing back the losses seen on 'Black Monday' as investors took heart from stronger than expected US growth figures and shrugged off fears about China for now.

Shares in expanding Dublin-based building material group CRH rose nearly 5 per cent today as it acquired US glazing products supplier CR Laurence for $1.3billion (£839million) and reported an increase in revenues and profits for the first half.

Challenger bank Aldermore has seen its profits more than double in the first six months of this year on the back of lending more mortgages and loans to businesses, sending its shares soaring.

A batch of blockbuster film releases including Jurassic World and Minions plus a move to scrap online booking fees helped Odeon and UCI Cinemas swing back into the black as more people went to its cinemas in the first half of the year.

 FormerTescoboss Philip Clarke has been summoned for an interview by the Serious Fraud Office (SFO) as it steps up its criminal probe into an accounting scandal at Britain’s biggest grocer.

The collapse of the oil and gas price has forced French oil major Total to sell off assets in the North Sea to cut costs.

 Shares around the world soared yesterday as investors cheered news that the US economy is in better shape than thought.

Small oil explorers, although well followed by retail investors, have a reputation for being risky investments – not for widows and orphans, as the saying goes.

 Merger mania was back on the minds of investors yesterday after building materials group CRH snapped up an American glazing firm for £843m.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 55.91 points at 6247.94 as traders headed off for the long weekend break.

Barclays received a major boost after a New York judge rejected claims the lender rigged ‘dark pools’ markets to benefit high frequency traders.

UK gross domestic product growth has been confirmed at 0.7 per cent for the second quarter, proof that the economy is back on track.

The FTSE AIM 100 actually finished the week in positive territory – though it was a roller coaster ride getting there.

 With wet weather predicted for the Bank Holiday likely to put shoppers off from visiting the High Street, retailers were also put in a glum mood by some negative broker comment.

 Shares in London ended a tumultuous week on the front foot yesterday – but losses in August totalled £115bn in what was the worst month for British savers and pension funds for more than three years.

 Fears about a slowdown in China have not yet hit sales of luxury goods, according to French brand Hermès and British label Jimmy Choo.

 The former Conservative leader Lord Howard and the oil company he chairs are facing fresh questions after a second report emerged into payments in Somalia.

Britain’s economy bounced back this spring as surging exports and strong business investment kick-started the recovery.

Constable Dogberry in Shakespeare’s Much Ado About Nothing mangles every word he utters - and so do many business leaders.

A ‘supergiant’ gas field has been discovered off the coast of Egypt by Italian oil group Eni.

 Investors hoping that the start of September would bring an end to the stock market's summertime blues had their hopes dashed as shares were hammered again today.

 A bid battle could break out for RSA Insurance after Swiss rival Zurich Insurance made a £5.6bn play for the UK firm.

The epidemic of excess at the top of Britain’s boardrooms is well-known.

Britain’s economy is set for a strong autumn having picked up pace over the spring and summer, says a new report.

 17.20:The FTSE 100 closed down 189.40 points at 6058.54.as stock prices collapsed again following a dismal round of factory data from across the world.

Posh cooker firm Aga Rangemaster is at the centre of a takeover tussle after revealing that US electronic appliances giant Whirlpool has proposed a bid to rival Middleby's £129million offer.

UK manufacturing growth slowed to a two and half year low in August, with the sector held back by sustained export weakness amid a strong pound and fears over China, a survey revealed today.

Shares in the world’s largest publicly traded hedge fund Man Group fell more than 6 per cent this morning on reports the head of its China arm has allegedly been taken into custody to assist with a police probe into the country’s recent stock market turmoil.

Online gambling firm 888 Holdings has sweetened its offer for bigger peer Bwin.party in a last ditch attempt to edge out rival GVC Holdings.

Punch Taverns expects to post a slight fall in full year profits but said it was getting back on track as it continues to dispose of its less profitable pubs to cut its debt mountain.

The boss of Asos is stepping down after 15 years at the helm of one of Britain’s most successful digital businesses.

 Home improvements firm Entu has pulled the plug on its solar division, less than a week after the Government revealed plans to slash subsidies for householders who install solar panels on their roofs.

 Storm clouds are gathering over the global economy and growth will be even weaker than previously feared, according to the International Monetary Fund.

A grass roots rebellion is building among the bosses of small challenger banks against George Osborne’s plans to hit them with a tax hike.

Selling off batches of pubs has helped Punch Taverns cut its debt pile to £1.4bn.

 17.35:The FTSE 100 closed up 24.77 points at 6083.31 as US jobs and productivity growth figures cheered investors following recent market turbulence.

 British manufacturers have shed jobs for the first time in more than two years as the strong pound, weak demand in Europe and the slowdown in China hit production, according to a report.

Industrial equipment hire firm Ashtead was the top FTSE 100 riser today with shares up more than 5 per cent as it reassured investors with strong revenue growth and rising profit at the start of its financial year.

Lego said strong sales in Asia and new launches such as its Jurassic World, Elves and Ninjago sets helped boost half-year profits for the world's best-selling toy firm.

Housebuilding spiked in August and helped boost growth in Britain's important construction sector, an industry survey revealed today, although the growth was a little below forecasts.

 Being Lord Mayor of the City of London is not all gold-embroidered robes, frilly collars and feathered hats.

 Champagne corks popped in the Cobham-based boardroom of Berkeley Group after the upmarket housebuilder moved to join the Footsie elite.

The chairman of Quindell yesterday launched an extraordinary attack on ousted predecessor Rob Terry, saying that the company’s reputation would have been ‘shot to pieces’ if it had kept him on a moment longer.

Lord Michael Howard has defended his decision to join the board of Quindell, saying he will help banish the ‘shadow’ cast by previous management at the technology firm.

 City analysts fuelled speculation departing Asos boss Nick Robertson will sell down his holding in the business he founded following confirmation he is standing aside.

 Sterling hit a fresh three month low against the dollar today, falling 0.4 per cent to $1.5241 as investors again extended bets the Bank of England will not raise interest rates until well into next year following a weak report on Britain's dominant services sector.

Supermarket chain Tesco is in the process of selling its Korean business to Asian-focused private equity firm MBK Partners in a £4billion-plus deal.

17.20 (close):Global markets surged today on hopes of more stimulus by the European Central Bank (ECB) should the turmoil in China weigh on growth prospects.

A combination of the miserable summer in the UK and a strong pound helped easyJet boost traffic numbers and raise its full year profit outlook as Britons, desperate for sun, flew away in August.

Train and buses operator Go Ahead was the biggest FTSE 250 faller this morning after it pushed back the profits target for its bus division as it posted a slide in full year results.

The Co-operative Group said profits for this year will be hit as it ramps up investment to turn around its fortunes, despite returning to the black in the first half.

17.20 (close):Global markets surged today on hopes of more stimulus by the European Central Bank (ECB) should the turmoil in China weigh on growth prospects.

Net-a-Porter founder Natalie Massenet has secured a £100million payday as she quits the luxury fashion business following a clash with its new owners.

Leisure guru Mark Brumby at Langton Capital believes Dart Group is going places.

The recovery at funeral homes and supermarket owner The Co-op Group appears to be on track after rising sales at its convenience stores – as well as an ‘unprecedented death rate’ – helped push it back into the black.

The bean counter who presided over five profits warnings at Mulberry will leave the luxury handbag maker after eight years.

Sir Howard Davies finally started his new job as chairman of Royal Bank of Scotland on Tuesday.

Shares in easyJet climbed nearly 6 per cent as it raised its full year profit forecast after holidaymakers desperate for summer sun helped it post record passenger numbers in August.

Britain’s first new nuclear power station for a generation has encountered yet another delay.

Innovative firm Dyson saw profits surge last year as demand from the booming middle-classes in Asia grew and sales in China doubled.

CLOSE:The FTSE 100 closed down 151.2 points, or 2.4 per cent, at 6043, wiping £38.7billion off the collective value and more than reversing a surge of over 110 points in the previous session..

Sir Howard Davies finally started his new job as chairman of Royal Bank of Scotland on Tuesday.

Sportingbet owner GVC looks to be the winner after a lengthy takeover tussle for FoxyBingo firm Bwin.party, which has jilted 888 Holdings in favour of its £1.1billion cash-and-shares offer.

Global markets closed the week with hefty losses after a rollercoaster last five days saw a dismal round of factory data from around the world and mixed labour statistics from the US trigger an investors' sell-off.

Britons opting for summer holidays in Europe and fewer visits from tourists due to the strong pound during August led to a slump in High Street sales.

AstraZeneca has been boosted by US regulatory approval for a new dose of its blood thinner Brilinta for longer-term use in heart attack patients.

Persistent buying helped EMIS Group close in the best of health, rising 68p to an all-time high of 1005p following strong interims.

The prospect of a hike in US interest rates this month is still on the cards despite disappointing jobs figures from the world’s biggest economy.

Losses at Hand Picked Hotels – the 21-strong country house chain owned by financier Guy Hands and his wife Julia – have fallen due to increased occupancy and room rates.

Pressure is mounting on the Ministry of Defence to choose American aircraft maker Boeing to supply Britain’s next generation fleet of Apache attack helicopters after the price of each machine was slashed to just $13 million (£8.5 million).

Discount clothing retailer Primark is poised to take on the American market – aiming to replicate the success of European giants such as Zara and H&M.

Tesco has agreed to sell its Korean business Homeplus to Asian-focused private equity firm MBK Partners in a £4.2billion deal, it confirmed today.

Declining sugar prices and a slowdown in sales at Primark mean profits at Associated British Foods will be hit, the food and retail giant has warned.

  17.35:The FTSE 100 closed up 31.60 points at 6074.52 as Wall Street stayed shut while the US celebrated Labor Day.

Tony Pidgley, the founder of Berkeley Group, has become the second highest paid FTSE 100 boss after the housebuilder joined the top flight of London’s listed companies.

Glencore was the second biggest riser on the FTSE 100 this morning with shares almost 7 per cent higher after it announced plans to cut down debt by $10billion to reassure investors amid falling commodities’ prices.

 Will the start of a new term – for politicians, school children and traders alike – hold more joy than the gloomy and overcast summer for the stock markets?

 Glencore's shares surged 10 per cent on news it is finally taking action on its mounting debt pile.

 The boss of the Serious Fraud Office has warned rogue bankers will be brought to justice with more individuals involved in rigging Libor interest rates likely to be charged this autumn.

When Tesco bosses last went on a retreat it was for a brainstorming session at a remote holiday cottage in Norfolk.

The Chancellor’s tax on banks could raise more than double the amount the Treasury has forecast and must be better understood before it is implemented, according to a report.

Primark-owner Associated British Foods said the strong pound and falling sugar prices at its ingredients business has had a bigger-than-expected impact on profits.

One of the UK’s most powerful shareholder groups has joined forces with a team of business heavy-hitters to launch a major crackdown on executive pay.

Gambling group Betfair and rival Paddy Power have agreed the terms of a £5billion merger to create a new Dublin-based online gaming giant to be called Paddy Power Betfair.

Premier Inn and Costa Coffee owner Whitbread has warned it will have to ramp up its prices over the next year in order to pay for the government's new living wage, as trading in August cooled.

Housebuilder Berkeley Group got a boost today as it prepares to join the FTSE 100's ranks, following promotion at this month's indices review, after it said current trading remains strong.

CLOSE:The FTSE 100 rallied today, extending its gains from the previous session with a boost from better-than-expected eurozone Q2 GDP data and hope for further market stimulus on Chinese markets.

Mitsui Sumitomo has swooped for Lloyd's of London insurer Amlin with a bid worth £3.5billion and become the latest Japanese firm to engage in large scale M&A activity overseas this summer.

Former Sainsbury's boss Justin King has been confirmed in his first major role since leaving the supermarket group.

Wine Rack and Bargain Booze owner Conviviality Retail has announced a £200million takeover to create a wholesale drinks giant with sales of more than £1.1billion.

Rolls-Royce has conceded sales of luxury vehicles have slowed in China due to falling demand amid the country’s economic turmoil.

Investors fear commodity prices could scupper mergers in the resources sector after Glencore’s U-turn on its debt mountain revealed the full effect of the rout.

Britons taking advantage of the cheap euro and lower petrol prices splashed out on holidays rather than visiting Whitbread’s Costa Coffee and Premier Inn chains.

Former stock market darling Oxford Instruments slid further down the slippery pole after the designer of high-tech tools and systems for research and industry lowered its expectations for the 2016 full-year due to super-conductor price pressure and tough industrial conditions in China.

Marks & Spencer looks likely to scale back its international expansion plans in the wake of the economic turmoil in Asia and the troubles in the Middle East.

Another London-listed insurer is set to fall into foreign hands after Amlin agreed to a £3.5billion takeover bid from a Japanese predator.

17.20 (close):Markets continued their bounce back today rallying for the third session in a row spurred on by economy-boosting measures in China and Japan.

 Ryanair has hiked its full year profit forecast by a staggering 25 per cent after UK families took advantage of the strong pound this summer to escape the wet weather at home and fly to the baking hot Med.

London's blue chip share index surged today after new economy-boosting measures in China and Japan fuelled an Asian and European markets fightback following recent dramatic declines, with US stocks joining the party.

Shares in Hargreaves Lansdown jumped today after a fall in annual profits at the funds platform firm was offset by an 18 per cent rise in assets under management and a hike in its dividend.

17.20 (close):Markets continued their bounce back today rallying for the third session in a row spurred on by economy-boosting measures in China and Japan.

Barratt Developments has become the latest housebuilder to post a strong jump in annual profits and sales as demand for new homes rises thanks to low mortgage rates and the government’s support for the new-build market.

 The new boss of embattled mobile payments group Monitise has stood down after only six months amid ballooning losses and a tumbling share price.

The UK’s use of drones has jumped to the top of the political agenda since the first targeted strike against British members of Isis in Syria.

 China could plunge the rest of the world back into recession as its economy slows, experts have warned.

Interest rates must stay at record lows ‘for as long as possible’ to protect Britain’s two-speed recovery from global threats, according to business leaders.

 With Yoox and Net a Porter on the verge of completing their merger to create a £1.8bn online luxury fashion behemoth, it has been revealed that British luxury brands are shelling out for their own digital arms.

Close: Troubled supermarket Morrisons was under the microscope after revealing a 47% profits slump and more shop closures as the London market also saw its rebound hit the brakes.

 Britain's fourth biggest supermarket, Morrisons, has posted another slump in first-half profit and warned that it is set to close 11 stores with the potential loss of 900 jobs as part of plans to transform the company's fortunes.

Her Majesty, Queen Elizabeth, has become the longest-reigning monarch in British history, surpassing her great-great-grandmother Queen Victoria’s previous record reign of 63 years and 217 days.

Weak demand for televisions and tablet computers saw high street chain Argos suffer another slide in sales over the summer, although overall sales at owner Home Retail Group were helped by growth at DIY chain Homebase.

John Lewis Partnership - the darling of the middle classes - today posted a 26 per cent slide in half-year profits after being hit by costs from its staff pension fund and warned full year results would also be sharply lower.

Fashion retailer Next has become the latest company to say it could make its customers foot the bill for higher wages following the introduction of the National Living Wage.

John Lewis says it could lay off up to 250 warehouse workers as part of a lacklustre trading update that saw its half-year profits slump.

Shares of Luxembourg-based office rental giant Regus, 1.1p off at 294.7p, were left simmering on the back burner but could soon be sizzling.

Morrisons is taking the drastic step of closing 11 supermarkets after half-year profits slumped to their lowest level in nine years.

Fitness fads and the collapse of its largest rival helped Dixons Carphone report a 10 per cent rise in British sales.

Next credited a raft of time savings initiatives and closing five underperforming stores for boosting half-year results.

CLOSE:Markets ended the week down today as investors held back ahead of next week's decision by the US Federal Reserve on whether to raise interest rates.

Shares in online fashion retailer Asos slumped more than 5 per cent yesterday after an institutional investor ditched some holdings.

The boss of JD Wetherspoon today launched a fresh attack on the National Living Wage saying it will put 'financial pressure' on an already strained sector as the pubs firm posted a drop in profits.

Public expectations of a coming interest rate rise have risen to their highest level in four years, according to a survey published today by the Bank of England.

The price of oil could fall as low as $20, Goldman Sachs warned last night.

 Britain's aerospace and defence industry has been given a boost with news of an 8bn euro (£5.8bn) agreement to sell Eurofighter Typhoon combat jets to Kuwait.

The founder of Wetherspoon used a dismal set of financial figures for the pub chain to launch another broadside against paying staff higher wages.

 Interest rates will rise ‘sooner rather than later’ despite signs the economic recovery is slowing, according to a senior Bank of England official.

Mining and commodities giant Glencore might have scaled dizzy heights to be among the top of the leader board of Britain’s biggest firms, but its 2.2 per cent share spurt masks a deeper problem.

Investors gave Victoria's £65million purchase of Lancashire underlay maker Interfloor their royal seal of approval on Friday.

Constable Dogberry in Shakespeare’s Much Ado About Nothing mangles every word he utters - and so do many business leaders.

Fund manager Neil Woodford has clawed in £30million from dumping shares in a British company during a £3.5billion takeover.

 AGA Rangemaster will fall into American hands despite the collapse of a bidding war last night, writes Ben Griffiths.

New forms of credit such as peer-to-peer lending pose a ‘big threat’ to existing banks, according to a conference of credit experts.

Pearson will not sell its stake in Penguin next month, as previously thought, opting instead to keep its holding for two years.

Directors at Pimco Europe, the UK arm of one of the world’s largest investment management firms, have shared in a £34.5million payout after a year in which turnover fell but profit still increased.

Price Waterhouse Coopers, the accountancy firm that was dumped by Tesco in the wake of the grocer’s financial scandal, has set aside up to £12million to cover the cost of claims from disputes with clients.

Interest rates need to rise as British wage increases pick up, a Bank of England policymaker said today, adding to signs that support is building for the first increase in British borrowing costs since before the financial crisis.

FTSE CLOSE:The London market closed lower today after a choppy session as investors braced themselves for a potentially volatile week which will see the US Federal Reserve take a key decision on whether to raise interest rates.

Trinity Mirror - owner of the Mirror newspaper - saw its shares soar this morning after it confirmed it is in talks to buy out local newspaper group Local World for a reported £200million.

The surge in the share price of technology firm CAP-XX over the past six months has been nothing short of spectacular.

Jermey Corbyn's Labour leadership election victory could push the UK closer to the European Union exit door, many in London's Square Mile believe.

 Discount chain Poundworld has revealed record annual sales and profits alongside plans to continue its rapid expansion by opening 60 new stores a year from next year.

Britain and the United States were at the epicentre of the financial crisis that claimed Lehman Brothers seven years ago today.

European shares were on the slide again today after stocks in Asia and the US closed lower as investors remained cautious ahead of the Federal Reserve' s policy meeting this week.

 Telecoms tycoon Sir Charles Dunstone is piling more on his plate as he continues his move into ‘fast casual’ restaurants with a deal to bring American chain MOD Pizza to the UK.

 British business leaders have launched a scathing attack on Jeremy Corbyn and warned an anti-enterprise government would derail the economy and cost jobs.

 Thomas Cook could get swept up in a wave of mergers in the travel industry, according to City chatter.

Jon Moulton’s Better Capital was hit by two senior departures over the weekend.

17.20 (close):B&Q owner Kingfisher topped the blue-chip fallers' board day after posting a drop in half-year profits.

 Pasties from Greggs helped Applegreen cook up higher profits, but the petrol forecourt retailer warned of a rougher ride ahead.

Online grocer Ocado saw its sales grow for a second straight quarter despite the market being gripped by a fierce price war, but its shares slipped as a lack of news on overseas deals weighed.

A US hedge fund specialising in ‘distressed’ firms has hiked its stake in Quindell to more than 5 per cent.

UK motor insurer Hastings Direct has unveiled plans to list on the London Stock Exchange and raise £180million in the process.

DIY giant Kingfisher is on the verge of opening 200 more Screwfix stores after first-half profits across the group dipped but sales rose.

Fashion giant H&M has posted its weakest monthly sales rise in almost two years as customers delayed buying autumn and winter clothing thanks to the unseasonably hot weather across Europe.

17.20 (close):B&Q owner Kingfisher topped the blue-chip fallers' board day after posting a drop in half-year profits.

Vodafone and Virgin Media-owner Liberty Global are at a stalemate months after the pair entered deal talks, according to cable tycoon John Malone.

 James Bond and a record-breaking stunt were two secret weapons deployed as part of Britain’s automotive offensive at this week’s Frankfurt Motor Show.

The U.S. has been the success story in global stock markets in recent years — but fears are growing that the world’s biggest economy is starting to lose its shine.

partners, including chief executive Ivan Glasenberg who is Glencore’s second largest shareholder with more than 8 per cent of the company, to ensure they do not dilute their ownership.

B&Q-owner Kingfisher said half year sales and profit fell due to weak trading in France and the impact of negative currency conversions.

Nervy fund managers are sitting on cash levels not seen since Lehman Bros went bust in 2008.

17.15 (close):Markets toasted Peroni and Grolsch maker SAB Miller today as shares surged by a fifth after it disclosed a takeover approach by rival Anheuser-Busch InBev.

17.15 (close):Markets toasted Peroni and Grolsch maker SAB Miller today as shares surged by a fifth after it disclosed a takeover approach by rival Anheuser-Busch InBev.

Model railway and Airfix kit-maker Hornby can’t seem to stay on track, hit yet again hit by distribution problems as well as an IT system short circuit.

The former boss of mining giant Anglo American is returning to the London listed-mining sector, three years after she exited amid shareholder pressure.

Zara-owner Inditex edged closer to world domination as it revealed store and website expansion helped the retailer to a 26 per cent jump in first-half net profit to £840million.

The top brass at debt-laden Glencore put their hands in their pockets to the tune of £356million as it raised £1.62billionn to stave off a credit downgrade.

The brewing giant behind Budweiser has made a long-awaited approach for Peroni-making rival SABMiller to form a £177billion beer behemoth.

Housebuilding and construction specialist Galliford Try posted record results, the latest firm in its sector to have benefited from a booming property market.

Britain’s second-largest designer of phone chips has warned it will make a loss in the first half of the year.

Serco is selling an Indian division back to the private equity firm it bought it from – at a whopping loss.

A British satellite telecoms firm says it has sold out of capacity across the Middle East from businesses and governments in the war-torn region.

Alton Towers owner Merlin Entertainments has reported an increase in revenue and sales over the first nine months of its financial year despite its theme park arm under performing.

Close:The Footsie ended lower in nervous trading today as investors awaited the crucial US interest rate decision, due at 7pm London time, which could bring the first move for seven years, with engineering firms big fallers after a profit warning from FTSE 250-listed Rotork.

 Insurance consolidator Phoenix has confirmed it is in talks to buy smaller rival Guardian Financial Services in a deal worth more than £1billion, continuing the deal frenzy sweeping the sector.

Valves firm Rotork has seen its shares plummet 12 per cent after the firm issued a profit warning due to a number of cancelled and delayed projects, knocking other engineering stocks lower.

 Smoke signals spouting from City dealings rooms suggested Imperial Tobacco could soon set the market alight.

 Entertainment One has suffered a major shareholder rebellion over an awards scheme that would hand shares worth £50m to a host of directors.

 The new owner of struggling department store chain British Home Stores has announced a raft of initiatives aimed at kick-starting growth.

 The dollar slammed into reverse last night after the Federal Reserve rejected the chance to raise interest rates in the United States for the first time in nearly a decade.

On the drive into town, a sign at the side of the road says ‘Mufulira: A place of abundance.’ The vast mineral riches in this part of Zambia’s Copperbelt tempted Glencore – then a little-known private commodities trader – to buy the Mopani copper mine in 2000.

Theme park owner Merlin Entertainments said the wet weather and memories of an accident on a roller-coaster at Alton Towers continue to weigh on the business.

17.30 (close):Global markets turned lower today after the US Federal Reserve's decision to hold interest rates in the world's biggest economy at close to zero left investors facing more months of uncertainty.

 The potential tie-up between two of the world’s biggest brewers, to form a £177bn beer behemoth, could trigger a lottery sized payday for advisers.

Shares in electronics group Premier Farnell bounced back slightly this morning after yesterday's slump following its second profits warning in two months.

Britain's competition regulator has officially given the green light to Poundland’s £55million takeover of rival 99p Stores, after concludiing that the deal would not leave customers worse off.

Interest rates may need to be slashed below zero to stave off another economic downturn, a senior Bank of England official warned yesterday.

Global markets have been on the slide today following yesterday's cautious statement by the Federal Reserve on the outlook for the US and world economy - with many traders and investors now questioning whether a rate hike will take place at all in 2015.

17.30 (close):Global markets turned lower today after the US Federal Reserve's decision to hold interest rates in the world's biggest economy at close to zero left investors facing more months of uncertainty.

Shares around the world tumbled yesterday in the wake of the Federal Reserve’s decision to leave interest rates in the United States on hold.

Glencore shares fell nearly 5 per cent on Friday as City investor groups continued to warn that its £1.6bn equity placing breached rules.

The company that processes almost half the credit card transactions in Britain is to list in a £6billion float.

SABMiller will be forced to sell its Chinese beer brand to clear competition hurdles as a result of its £177billion brewing takeover by ABInBev, analysts have warned.

Bed retailer Dreams has significantly upgraded profit forecasts for the year after a series of improvements triggered a surge in sales.

Sales and profits at The Savoy hotel have risen after the reopening of its main restaurant, Kaspar’s, and from improved trading at its other bars and dining areas.

Zombies seem to have scared away audiences from BT’s new drama channel, AMC from BT, which registered zero viewers according to the official audience survey.

Virgin Rail Group saw sales break through the £1billion mark last year after a surge in passenger numbers and paid out a bumper £27million dividend to its parent companies.

Traders’ attentions will today turn to the uncertainty of an expected coalition government in Greece.

Clothes store French Connection has posted another loss, it announced today, after its Spring collection failed to excite shoppers.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up just 4.60 points at 6108.71 as earlier gains dwindled during afternoon trading.

Stephen Hester's RSA has seen its shares tank this morning after Swiss insurance giant Zurich pulled the plug on its £5.6billion takeover for the More Than owner.

Shares in German car-maker Volkswagen plunged more than 20 per cent to levels not seen in more than a decade today after it emerged that the company had been cheating on US air pollution tests.

It is a sign of the times.

Shares in Volkswagen tumbled by nearly a quarter after it emerged the car-maker has been cheating on US air pollution tests for many years.

The Treasury has come under increased pressure over its decision to sell Royal Bank of Scotland shares at a £1.1billion loss for taxpayers.

An explosion at a port in North Eastern China has derailed a £5.6billion takeover bid for struggling RSA – and scuppered a potential £8.5million bonanza for its chief executive Stephen Hester.

A slowdown in China is continuing to hit the market for diamonds with the industry relying on the US and India for future growth.

Standard Chartered could be hit with more penalties from US regulators over claims it violated sanctions against Iran as late as 2013.

Sainsbury's has again outperformed its ‘Big Four’ supermarket rivals, industry data for the last three months showed today, while the march of German discounters Aldi and Lidl has continued.

 The drinks company that makes Irn-Bru has warned it is unlikely to grow its profits this year after the cold weather over the summer stopped people buying its fizzy drinks.

The roadside accident emergency group AA has sunk into the red after being hit with a hefty charge for refinancing its debt.

CLOSE: The FTSE-100 index at the close was down 172.87 at 5935.84 - down below the 6,000 barrier as fears over the Chinese economy led to falls across European markets.

The pound fell back against the dollar this morning as expectations for a US rate rise revived, while thoughts of a UK hike were dampened by further weak manufacturing data.

Chinese-owned department stores group House of Fraser saw its first half earnings rise, but also admitted that sales were hit amid the washout August weather at the start of its third quarter.

The FTSE 100 index fell by 2.8 per cent to slump back below the 6,000 barrier today as worries over the Chinese economy sent European markets plunging.

The FTSE 100 index managed to recapture the 6,000 level in morning trade today, thanks to a recover in commodity stocks, as markets across Europe steadied after yesterday's dramatic sell-off.

Fund manager Aberdeen Asset Management is eyeing expansion in China after being granted a rare business licence by Shanghai authorities.

The bloodbath in commodities continued unabated with Glencore, the bloodiest of the blue-chip casualties, plunging by up to 14 per cent during the trading session as commodity prices sank on waning demand from China.

BT yesterday launched a full-throated defence of its current structure by outlining the great benefits it could bring to Britain in the coming decade.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 96.40 points at 6032.24 as commodity stocks racked up gains despite more worrying economic figures from China.

Diageo has told investors it made a positive start to its financial year that met expectations, but the drinks giant warned its full-year profits could be hit if currency fluctuations persist.

All Bar One and Harvester owner Mitchells & Butlers has ditched its chief executive and warned that upcoming full year results will be less than impressive.

Reinsurance giant Swiss Re is snapping up private equity-owned Guardian Financial Services for £1.6 billion continuing a wave of deals in the life and pensions sector but leaving UK-listed Phoenix Group out in the cold.

United Utilities has revealed the discovery of a parasitic bug in its water supplies will hit operating profits by £25million in the first half of its financial year, although its underlying performance is in line.

The Volkswagen diesel emissions crisis – which yesterday claimed the scalp of the German car-maker’s chief executive – could cost the firm £26billion.

IAG basked in the spotlight, lifting sentiment with near-5 per cent gains for most of the session after Morgan Stanley rated the owner of Iberia and British Airways its top pick in the sector, as the broker updated forecasts to account for fuel and currency changes.

Long-awaited plans to float Santander UK on the stock market appear to have slipped further down the pecking order for its Spanish-owned parent.

Shepherd Neame – Britain’s oldest brewer – posted a 9.4 per cent rise in underlying full-year profits to £9.6million for the year to June 27.

BBA Aviation is buying US rival jet charter group Landmark in a £1.4billion deal.

Bob Mackenzie and Martin Clarke could be the City’s answer to The Odd Couple.

Tour operator Thomson’s parent company TUI joined fellow travel firms in reporting a surge in demand from Britons looking to jet off on holiday as it reported a ‘particularly strong performance’ from the UK over the summer.

Travel operator Thomas Cook said trading over the summer had been strong and that it is on course to meet its scaled-down full-year expectations.

 17.25:The FTSE 100 closed down 70.75 points at 5961.49 as nerves set in ahead of a keenly awaited speech by Federal Reserve boss Janet Yellen.

Over one million cars have already been built in the UK so far this year, up 1.6 per cent on the same period in 2014, and the first time this milestone has been reached by August since 2008.

Poundland shares took a hit today after it warned on half-year profits and revealed its acquisition 99p Stores is in worse health than previously thought as it launched a cash call to finance the deal.

Britain's biggest mortgage lender Lloyds featured strongly on the FTSE 100 leaderboard after a respected fund manager predicted it would be a ‘dividend giant’ by 2017.

Poundland blamed store-opening costs among a raft of other excuses for a profit warning that wiped 13 per cent off the value of the stock, taking shares below their 300p float price for the first time.

A queue of shoppers is snaking towards the escalator on the concourse inside Birmingham’s redeveloped New Street station.

Workers from the under-threat Redcar steel plant on Teesside last night took to the streets in a community rally to ‘keep the light burning’ at its blast furnace.

Investors including star fund manager Neil Woodford are nursing heavy losses after a New York hedge fund launched a blistering attack on Allied Minds – a company once dubbed ‘the London market’s best kept secret’.

Crisis-hit Volkswagen is poised to appoint the head of its Porsche sports car brand to the top job as the emissions cheating scandal spread to Europe.

Ryanair will hand almost £300million back to its shareholders after receiving a windfall from offloading its stake in Aer Lingus.

London could be about to witness an exodus of workers as more and more find they cannot afford to live in the capital and decide to work elsewhere in the UK.

The Treasury has sold a further 1 per cent stake in bailed-out Lloyds Banking Group, taking the taxpayer’s holding in the lender to less than 12 per cent.

 17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 147.52 points at 6109.01 as investors took heart from Federal Reserve boss Janet Yellen's signal that a US rate hike will happen before the year is out.

Stock markets across Europe have bounced higher following a speech last night from Federal Reserve boss Janet Yellen, in which she said that she still expects a US interest rate rise to happen in 2015 and that fears over record low inflation have been exaggerated.

HSS Hire's chief executive Chris Davies is stepping down after nine years at the helm as the tool and equipment rental firm makes changes after its recent profit warning.

A struggling technology firm that is being targeted by Rob Terry has tried to distance itself from the disgraced Quindell founder.

Beleaguered fund manager Alliance Trust has appointed two industry veterans to its board as it continues to be strong-armed by an activist investor.

Portrayed often as a white-knuckle exchange suited only to more adventurous or foolhardy investors, London's AIM market is no stranger to cliché or derision.

Constable Dogberry in Shakespeare’s Much Ado About Nothing mangles every word he utters - and so do many business leaders.

Shares in British property developer Quintain Estates soared to a seven-year high after the board accepted an improved takeover bid from Texan private equity group Lone Star.

Glencore has hired advisers to sell a minority stake in its agricultural business in a deal that could value the whole division at £6.5billion.

Nike shares sprinted to an all-time high – up 8 per cent at one point yesterday – as the sportswear firm beat first-quarter targets.

JCB has paid Tory peer Lord Bamford and his family a £60million dividend, according to accounts filed just days after the digger maker announced plans to lay off 400 workers.

A courtroom drama in Ohio sent shares in Synergy Health soaring yesterday as its proposed takeover by American suitor Steris took a giant leap forward.

Businesswoman Hayley Parsons made £44 million last year when she sold her shares in Gocompare.com – the online comparison website she founded – to insurance giant Esure.

Controversial Chinese telecoms group Huawei, which provides key technology for Britain’s landline and mobile phone networks, saw its UK division jump back into profit last year as sales topped £500 million for the first time.

The firm behind Butlins, Haven and Warner Leisure Hotels saw profits jump by a quarter last year as it reaped the benefit of a VAT refund, lower debt costs and investment in its holiday parks.

A £177billion tie-up between the world’s two largest brewers is likely to be announced as early as this week, with Budweiser maker AB InBev set to offer some £70billion to take over Peroni giant SABMiller.

A US beauty firm that specialises in using natural ingredients is planning a sales drive in the UK.

Rolls-Royce has warned it could shift its £1.2billion research and development funding overseas if the Government cuts handouts for innovation.

Sainsbury's is expected to report another slide in sales – though it will stay ahead of struggling rivals.

17.20 (close):Commodities giant Glencore led the London market under the 6000-mark as the stock fell by as much as a third amid the latest fears over China's growth prospects and a gloomy broker note.

Technology group Quindell has suffered the first serious blow on its path to recovery after missing out on a major contract with the AA.

Vodafone shares were on the slide in morning trade after the mobile telecoms giant announced that talks with US cable firm Liberty Global over a potential asset swap have been ended.

UK banks Barclays and HSBC are among seven financial institutions being investigated by Swiss officials amid allegations of price fixing in the precious metals market.

Blue chip commodity giant Glencore saw its shares lose a quarter of their value in morning trade today, hitting an all-time low as a broker raised fears over the company's ability to withstand a prolonged fall in metals prices.

Exploration giant Royal Dutch Shell has pulled out of its controversial Arctic drilling programme after failing to find enough oil and gas at a key well in the Chukchi Sea, off the coast of Alaska.

Global markets are set for another rough session, with the Footsie still below the important psychological 6,000 mark, amid fresh fears over China's economic slowdown.

17.20 (close):Commodities giant Glencore led the London market under the 6000-mark as the stock fell by as much as a third amid the latest fears over China's growth prospects and a gloomy broker note.

Tool rental business Speedy Hire has issued its second profit warning in just three months and plans to cut 200 jobs as it battles against falling sales.

Vodafone's shares slipped by nearly 5 per cent after it ended tie-up talks with Virgin Media owner Liberty Global.

More than £3.5bn was wiped off the value of Glencore yesterday after warnings that its shares could become almost worthless if commodity prices continue to languish at their current levels.

The Government is coming under increasing pressure to scrap green charges that contributed to the closure of the Redcar plant.

To the delight of eco-warriors worldwide, Shell pulled the plug on its Arctic drilling campaign, taking a £2.7billion hit on the controversial venture that was persistently undermined by the prolonged oil price weakness and fierce opposition from ecological activists.

Budget grocer Aldi has blamed the supermarket price war for its first drop in profits for six years.

HSBC and Barclays are being investigated by Swiss authorities over allegations they rigged the price of precious metals.

Shares in Peroni maker SABMiller rose as much as 3 per cent on fevered speculation rival AB InBev was about to make a £70billion opening offer.

 17.35:The FTSE 100 closed down 49.62 points at 5909.24 as investors digest upbeat US economic news that is likely to boost the case for a rate hike across the Atlantic.

The number of mortgages given the green light jumped to a 19-month high in August as activity heats up in the property market before a likely interest rate rise in 2016.

 British online fashion website Boohoo has posted a 39 per cent jump in first half profit on the back of strong revenue growth.

Scandal-hit Volkswagen promised to fix its emissions problem and announced plans to refit up to 11million vehicles but its shares continued to tumble, losing another 4 per cent.

Glencore insisted it was strong enough to survive the turmoil on global commodity markets after its shares fell by almost a third on Monday.

Despite owning vast swathes of prime London real estate and big stakes in some of the world’s biggest companies, Qatar’s £165billion sovereign wealth fund tries its best to operate below the radar.

Heating and plumbing merchant Wolseley was the biggest blue-chip loser yesterday after it reported a slump in profits and cut its revenue forecasts.

Quindell could pursue its disgraced founder through the courts to recoup any money it is forced to pay in a lawsuit being brought by its own investors.

Interest rates in India have been cut by more than expected as the central bank attempts to reboot the slowing economy.

Shares in supermarket giant Sainsbury's soared today after it raised the forecast for its full-year profits despite posting a seventh straight quarter of falling sales.

17.15 (close): The London market surged 2.6 per cent higher today after a profit upgrade from supermarket Sainsbury's and gains from hard-hit miner Glencore, but still slid to its worst quarterly fall in four years.

Sterling's recent decline has been stemmed by a slew of strong economic data including figures showing a sharp reduction in the current account deficit.

17.15 (close): The London market surged 2.6 per cent higher today after a profit upgrade from supermarket Sainsbury's and gains from hard-hit miner Glencore, but still slid to its worst quarterly fall in four years.

Tottenham Hotspur fanatic Howard Shore was an ambitious 25-year-old when he founded Shore Capital 30 years ago as an independent stockbroker with an initial investment of £10,000.

Entertainment One has used a £200million rights issue to carve out a larger slice of Peppa Pig for itself.

Shares in former Comet owner Darty rose 19.14 per cent after it received a £533million proposal from one of France’s biggest electronics retailers.

 Sainsbury's shares rose strongly yesterday after it said annual profits would be better than expected.

 17.35:The FTSE 100 closed up 10.86 points at 6072.47, but well off its morning highs as investors digested a mixed set of factory surveys from around the world.

UK economic growth eased back last month after manufacturing stalled for the first time in almost two-and-a-half years, according to a new report from a key industry body.

Weakness in UK manufacturing remains the main drag on the British economic recovery as the latest figures show the industry hobbled along in September and laid off more workers.

Shares in under pressure commodities trader Glencore climbed back to levels seen before Monday’s dramatic 29 per cent slump in morning trade today, before dropping back in the afternoon.

Fancy that.

As the controversial Garden Bridge plans continue to raise concerns about the cost and the need for another bridge in Central London, the body in charge of what it would span is on a drive to promote just how beneficial the river is to London.

River Island, the fashion retailer owned by the billionaire Lewis family, has paid a £100million dividend – despite only making £149.1million profit, latest accounts show.

The emissions-rigging scandal at Volkswagen did not steer car dealers Vertu Motors away from making a £13million bet on Audi and VW outlets.

Glencore's trading arm remains under scrutiny despite the mining and commodities giant attempting to reassure investors of its stability.

 17.35:The FTSE 100 closed up 57.51 points at 6129.98 after a volatile afternoon as investors react to poor jobs figures out of the US.

Experian was the top faller in the FTSE 100 today after the world's biggest credit checking firm disclosed a massive data breach that exposed sensitive personal data of some 15million people in the US.

Train and bus operator FirstGroup said overall trading was ‘in line’ with expectations in the first half despite difficult conditions, especially at its North American operations.

It was a good week forAlecto Minerals, which had two pieces of news of the sort you do not expect from mining companies.

Tesco is following in the footsteps of Virgin Group by developing a common brand across all of its businesses.

Gold and silver miners glittered yesterday after dismal US jobs data sent investors running for cover in precious metals.

The tie-up between mobile giants O2 and Three will stifle competition, the UK’s merger authority yesterday warned.

The Italian Securities and Exchange Commission has given its approval for a merger that will create the world’s largest online luxury goods website.

It has Royal Warrants from the Queen, Prince Philip and Prince Charles, but 244-year-old tailor Gieves & Hawkes is still unable to make a profit.

Tesco is expected to show it has stemmed falling sales after a traumatic year.

Chancery UK, a film finance and tax planning firm, has gone into liquidation leaving a trail of creditors claiming hundreds of millions of pounds.

A £180billion tie-up between the brewers behind Budweiser and Peroni could be sealed this week.

Auction house Bonhams will cash in on the rising demand for coloured gemstones with the sale of a rare Indian treasure.

A £400million bidding war is under way for one of Britain’s biggest back office specialists.

15.05:The Footsie soared higher in late afternoon trade, up over 2.5 per cent fueled by strength in heavyweight commodities as US stocks joined in a strong rally by global markets today on diminished expectations for a US rate hike after further weak economic data.

The Glencore saga continued to dominant blue chip trading today as the commodities trader’s stock jumped amid takeover chatter a week after its shares plunged by 29 per cent on debt pile concerns.

Irish low-cost airline Ryanair recorded another impressive set of monthly traffic figures in September after becoming the first airline ever to fly more than 10 million passengers back in August.

Shares in taxpayer-backed Lloyds Banking Group will be sold off to ordinary investors next spring, Chancellor George Osborne announced today.

A strong performance by heavyweight commodity stocks helped the Footsie post gains of over 2 per cent today as global stocks markets bounded higher on reduced expectations for a US rate hike following Friday’s weak jobs report In mid afternoon trading, the FTSE 100 index was 137.2 points, or 2.2 per cent higher at 6,267.2, while in Europe, France's CAC 40 index jumped 3.5 per cent, and Germany's Dax 30 index gained 2.9 per cent.

Guinness and Johnnie Walker owner Diageo has appointed a finance director from US printer firm Xerox.

Glencore clawed back almost £2.7billion of the value it has lost recently as the troubled giant’s rollercoaster ride continued in earnest.

BP has finalised its £13.1billion settlement in the US, ending five years of fighting over its fatal 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico.

Chirtsmas has come early for long-suffering small shareholders of APR Energy.

Takeover target SABMiller has reported a 2 per cent rise in sales volumes but saw revenues fall because of the strengthening US dollar.

Shares in rare stamp dealer Stanley Gibbons took a licking today after warning on profits.

17.30 (close):The London market made modest gains today, although drinks giant and takeover target SABMiller saw its shares come under pressure after reports suggested it is likely to reject a £70billion takeover offer.

The International Monetary Fund has slashed its global growth forecast for the second time in just four months thanks to the economic slowdown in China and the ongoing uncertainty about whether or not the US will raise interest rates before the end of the year.

Greggs' shares have been on a roll this morning following a jump in sales over the past three months and yet another upgrade to its full year growth expectations.

17.30 (close):The London market made modest gains today, although drinks giant and takeover target SABMiller saw its shares come under pressure after reports suggested it is likely to reject a £70billion takeover offer.

Share stakes in Abu-Dhabi-based private healthcare service provider Al Noor Hospitals have changed hands more times than a pack of Paul Daniels’ playing cards over the past year or so, which has prompted intense speculation that its days of independence could be threatened in the short-term.

The Serious Fraud Office is on course to conclude its investigation into troubled supermarket giant Tesco within weeks.

Shares in bid target SABMiller fell 3 per cent after it rejected a low offer from its bigger US rival Anheuser-Busch InBev.

The new boss of scandal-hit German carmaker Volkswagen warned staff of 'massive cutbacks' and said its wholesale review 'will not be painless'.

The investment industry has plunged into civil war after a group of Britain’s biggest fund managers toppled the boss of top trade body the Investment Association, who had been trying to push through reforms.

The recent turmoil at Glencore could lead to hefty losses at Britain’s biggest lenders.

 17.20:The FTSE 100 closed up 10.19 points at 6336.35 as higher US crude inventory figures suggested the oil price might be softer than previously believed.

Group profits at Tesco have fallen 55 per cent to £354million despite the supermarket giant managing to stem the quarterly decline in its sales, but its shares rallied after early big falls.

Budweiser brewing giant Anheuser-Busch InBev has made a third offer for rival SABMiller pitched at £42.15 a share, but the UK-listed firm said the bid still 'substantially undervalues' it.

 Sterling rose to its highest in more than two weeks against the dollar after data showed industrial output had recovered from a July slump.

A jump in the price of oil, gold and other bombed-out commodities such as copper held sway over global stock markets yesterday.

 Eight years after the financial crisis, the world economy could be tipped back into a severe downturn by a toxic series of shocks with China at the centre of the storm.

Private equity tycoon Jon Moulton is considering selling upmarket fashion brand Jaeger after being approached by suitors for the business.

Ruby, emerald and sapphire miner Gemfields has progressed from an ‘energetic teenager to a smart adult’ according to its boss as it reported a 7 per cent rise in annual sales.

17.35:The FTSE 100 closed up 38.47 points at 6374.82 after a Bank of England prediction of continuing low inflation diminished expectations of an early interest rate rise.

Britain's booming economy has led to jobs being created all across the country, one of the UK's largest recruiters said, but the group also warned of global risks that could derail growth.

Asda weathered the supermarket price war better than its rivals it revealed today, with news that it smashed the £1billion profit barrier for the first time last year.

Shares in sofa maker DFS Furniture rose by 3 per cent today after it reported rising sales and profits on the back of a buoyant housing market, cheap credit and thanks to new store openings.

The world’s largest beer maker Anheuser-Busch InBev has slammed takeover target SABMiller after it refused a third takeover offer from the Budweiser firm, calling on shareholders to force the board to accept the offer.

More than 120,000 people have already registered their interest in buying discounted shares in Lloyds Banking Group at just one investment firm, it has been claimed.

Capturing a growing number of middle-class shoppers helped more than double earnings at furniture group DFS, which yesterday reported maiden results.

Cinema goers have a lot to look forward to in the weeks leading up to Christmas.

Germany’s biggest bank warned yesterday that it has lost £4.4billion in only three months – in another blow to the country’s proud corporate reputation.

 US brewing giant Anheuser-Busch InBev, which is trying to stage a £65billion takeover of SABMiller, yesterday launched another attack on the London-listed maker of Peroni.

Tesco was last night plunged into an embarrassing row over director share dealings.

Sherborne Investment Management has fired a second broadside in as many years at private equity group Electra.

Overseas firms may delay investing in the UK because of the European referendum, one of the country’s leading recruitment firms has suggested.

Exports from Germany recorded their biggest slump since the height of the global financial crisis in the latest sign that Europe’s largest economy is feeling the pain from a slowdown in emerging markets.

The Bank of England is prepared to go ahead and raise interest rates ahead of the United States, the governor of the Bank of England said last night.

 The UK government has sold off another 1 per cent of its stake in Lloyds Banking Group, trimming its holding in the bailed-out lender to below 11 per cent, as it gears up for a big retail offering.

17.15 (close):Miners led the London market higher today, at the end of a week which saw it deliver its strongest weekly gains for almost four years.

Commodities giant Glencore saw its shares spike 7 per cent higher today, continuing its recent volatile perfomance, after it unveiled plans to chop its zinc production as part of cost cutting moves.

Embattled banking giant Standard Chartered is to axe 1,000 senior staff in a drastic bid to turn around its performance.

 Peroni-maker SABMiller unveiled a new defence strategy in a desperate attempt to ward off the unwelcome advances of US rival Anheuser-Busch InBev, which has mounted a £65bn takeover assault.

17.15 (close):Miners led the London market higher today, at the end of a week which saw it deliver its strongest weekly gains for almost four years.

Two years before the infamous 'Tell Sid' campaign, more than a million investors lined up to buy shares in one of Britain's former state-owned monopolies.

The stock market in London has racked up its best week for nearly four years - providing some much-needed respite for investors.

Adgorithms, a company with an artificial intelligence ad system named ‘Albert’, lost about two thirds of its value on Friday with a profit warning coming four months after its AIM IPO.

It is more than 24 hours since analysts at Peel Hunt tore a strip off the latest clothing range at Marks & Spencer, but the ripples from the bombshell note were still being felt at Britain's biggest High Street name yesterday.

One of Britain’s biggest directory enquiries firms suffered a 10 per cent drop in turnover in 2014 but still booked an astonishing 90 per cent profit margin.

Asian food chain Itsu is to expand by opening another ten restaurants across the UK thanks to £40million in new funding from HSBC.

Sports Direct chief executive Dave Forsey stepped down from his position at company founder Mike Ashley’s personal investment vehicle just days before he was due to appear in court to face criminal charges.

Clothing giant Marks & Spencer is sounding the retreat on its expansion in parts of eastern Europe with a plan to close stores and pull out of five countries.

Facebook dished out an average of more than £210,000 in pay and bonuses to British staff last year, according to a report in the Sunday Times.

INEOS, the chemicals giant founded by billionaire Jim Ratcliffe in 1998, has snapped up 12 North Sea gas fields for a reported £500million.

Private sector earnings are growing at their fastest rate in 15 years, says a report from the Resolution Foundation think-tank.

Trendy trench coat maker Burberry is expected to announce slowing sales when it posts an update on Thursday, dragged down by China’s softening economy.

Budweiser brewer AB InBev is expected to deliver an incresed takeover offer for SAB Miller this week as it seeks to secure a deal to buy its London-listed rival.

The two companies have until Wednesday's 5 pm bid deadline, to agree on any potential deal, which, if it goes ahead, could see the creation of the world's biggest brewer.

 10.15:The Footsie stayed weak as the morning session progressed, pausing for breath after delivering its strongest weekly gains for almost four years last week, as traders looked nervously ahead to some key UK data and US earnings to come later this week.

Strong international business and increased activity following the UK General Election and Scottish referendum polls helped push annual sales up at YouGov, the firm's annual results revealed today.

 10.15:The Footsie stayed weak as the morning session progressed, pausing for breath after delivering its strongest weekly gains for almost four years last week, as traders looked nervously ahead to some key UK data and US earnings to come later this week.

The board of Peroni-maker SABMiller was locked in an urgent meeting last night after Anheuser-Busch InBev tabled an improved £67billion offer for its rival.

Troubled commodities giant Glencore has put two copper mines up for sale as it seeks to reduce its crippling £20billion debt.

Little-known tech stock Mobile Streams surged yesterday as it announced an imminent launch into India, where it has 350 million mobile users on its radar.

Motor insurer Hastings made a disappointing debut on the stock market as its shares fell on its first day of trading.

The coke ovens and blast furnace at the steelworks in Redcar are to close for good – with the loss of more than 2,000 jobs on Teesside.

A shipyard in Merseyside has won a contract to build a £200million polar research ship – securing hundreds of jobs in the region.

Thousands of car lovers will soon be able to realise their childhood dreams of becoming Ferrari owners.

 A group of blue chip investors frustrated by the lacklustre performance of HSBC have tried to shake up the lender.

The UK government has divested its last remaining stake in Royal Mail, raising a further £591.1million and ending the taxpayer's involvement in the postal firm.

Barclays was accused of returning to the ‘bad old days’ after selecting another American ‘casino’ banker as its new boss.

American computer giant Dell has staged one of the world’s biggest ever technology deals to clinch data storage firm EMC for £43billion, writes Rupert Steiner.

 The world's two biggest brewers merged today in a mega-deal that will create a £180billion beer giant responsible for one in every three pints drunk around the world - but it could send beer prices higher.

 07.55:The Footsie is set to open around 12 points lower, extending yesterday's retreat after weak showings in Asia on mixed China trade data and a drop in the oil price, with caution also likely ahead of the latest UK inflation numbers, which are forecast to remain at zero.

 07.55:The Footsie is set to open around 12 points lower, extending yesterday's retreat after weak showings in Asia on mixed China trade data and a drop in the oil price, with caution also likely ahead of the latest UK inflation numbers, which are forecast to remain at zero.

Barclays shareholders gave a frosty reception to revelations that it is poised to recruit another American investment banker as its chief executive.

Peroni-maker SABMiller will receive a £2billion consolation prize if Anheuser-Busch InBev fails to pull off its bid.

The 1991 Gulf War was just hours old when RAF navigator John Nichol and his pilot John Peters suddenly came under attack as they were speeding over Iraq in their Tornado bomber.

City critics would call it a gravy train but there is no doubt that more often than not if you are lucky enough to float a half decent business on the London Stock Exchange these days and then be patient, you can lock in a fair few bob at the earliest opportunity when the handcuffs are removed.

The boss of technology group Worldpay received a £50million windfall after the payment-processing giant floated in a £6.3billion listing.

The boss of music app Shazam has joined the board of Marks & Spencer – replacing the Government’s former digital star Martha Lane Fox.

 10.05:The Footsie remained lower as the morning session progressed amid renewed concerns over slowing growth in China, with weak inflation figures coming from the country after gloomy trade data yesterday, while a mixed UK labour market report saw the pound par back earlier gains.

Shares in Hargreaves Lansdown rose today after the fund supermarket and investing platform unveiled record inflows for the first quarter and issued a bullish outlook for the financial year ahead.

Britain's biggest builder of retirement homes is looking to float on the London stock market later this year as part of a £2.5billion investment drive.

Interest rates should go up soon to prevent wage increases racing ahead analysts warned today after official data showed unemployment falling to a seven-year low.

 10.05:The Footsie remained lower as the morning session progressed amid renewed concerns over slowing growth in China, with weak inflation figures coming from the country after gloomy trade data yesterday, while a mixed UK labour market report saw the pound par back earlier gains.

Drinks giant Diageo has extricated itself from the wine trade by selling its Blossom Hill and Piat d'Or brands, among others, to an Australian rival.

Wall Street giant JPMorgan recorded a big jump in profits despite another huge legal bill for scandals.

More than £13billion was wiped from the value of Asda’s parent company as it issued a stinging profits warning, writes Peter Campbell.

Health is wealth and diet is the best tool we have to protect ourselves from developing cancer.

Marks and Spencer is to reward shoppers based on how often they visit its stores to buy food or clothing.

Plus-sized retail group N Brown said its transformation from an old-fashioned mail-order firm into a modern chain selling clothes online was on track.

Two London listings together worth £1.6billion were unveiled yesterday as the great autumn float rush gathered pace.

The American ‘casino banker’ picked by Barclays to revive its fortunes will have to pass gruelling interviews with top regulators if he is to secure the top job.

  10.05:The Footsie held firm as the morning session progressed, recovering after three sessions of declines thanks to strength in heavyweight commodity issues after a rally by Asian stocks, with Unilever also a good gainer after results, but Burberry dropped after a poor trading update.

 China's economic fallout has hit Burberry hard as the trendy trench coat maker reported slowing sales over the last six months .

           Adult colouring-in books have taken the UK publishing market by storm and helped stationery and magazine seller WH Smith post a healthy profit this year.

Consumer goods giant Unilever posted better than expected third quarter sales after one of the hottest summers in Europe on record saw it cash in on strong demand for ice cream Unilever, which owns the Magnum and Ben & Jerry’s brands as well as Dove soaps and Lipton tea, said underlying sales grew by 5.7 per cent in the three months to September.

Challenger bank Virgin Money has reported a surge in mortgage lending so far this year, as it continues to eat into the 'Big Four' high street lender's space.

  10.05:The Footsie held firm as the morning session progressed, recovering after three sessions of declines thanks to strength in heavyweight commodity issues after a rally by Asian stocks, with Unilever also a good gainer after results, but Burberry dropped after a poor trading update.

‘They smashed it!’ were the first three words on a ‘flash’ note on Fusionex International written for Panmure Gordon’s clients by its award-winning technology analyst George O’Connor yesterday morning after the broker had successfully and exclusively masterminded a heavily oversubscribed £13.975million placing of 4.3million shares at 325p a pop with institutional investors.

Netflix saw profits halve after it pumped more money into new shows and films, writes Peter Campbell.

Bankers at Goldman Sachs look set for a 10 per cent pay cut following a slump in profits – but are still in line to earn an average of around £250,000 this year.

Burberry's distinctive camel, red and black check has been in great demand among China’s newly-rich fashionista classes – but the company warned that the woes besetting Beijing are taking a toll on its sales.

17.25 (close):The London market climbed higher today, led by bid speculation at drug firm Shire, as traders bet that a hike in US interest rates will not come until well into next year.

London's skyscrapers are fast becoming the most expensive in the world after a latest report revealed that tower rents in the Square Mile grew at 10 per cent over the last six months to $122 a square foot.

17.25 (close):The London market climbed higher today, led by bid speculation at drug firm Shire, as traders bet that a hike in US interest rates will not come until well into next year.

Drone services groupStrat Aerohas been flying high in the last few weeks on a glut of news about acquisitions and partnerships.

 Investors continued to check out of raincoat maker Burberry sending the stock to a near three-year low.

 Taxpayers could be asked to stump up another £15bn for the building of Britain’s newest power station, it has emerged.

Activist investor Ed Bramson has launched a fresh assault on the private equity owner of TGI Fridays, attacking its poor investment performance and the independence of its board.

 McDonald’s was left with egg McMuffin on its face after admitting it beefed up its UK sales by more than £130m because of a missing decimal point.

 Borrowing costs will rise ‘sooner rather than later’ and the ‘widespread pessimism’ about China is overblown, a member of the Bank of England’s interest-rate setting committee has predicted.

Constable Dogberry in Shakespeare’s Much Ado About Nothing mangles every word he utters - and so do many business leaders.

Its luxury yachts have featured in four James Bond films and it has celebrity fans including Sir Roger Moore and Formula 1 boss Eddie Jordan, but Sunseeker is still making a loss.

Insurance group Admiral made £6million in profits last year from its legal arms, which it set up to dodge a ban on selling customers’ details to claims firms.

Alice doesn’t feel the same way about work anymore.

 10.15:The Footsie stayed weak in choppy early morning trade, with heavyweight commodity issues knocked by mixed economic news overnight from China, with third quarter GDP growth data from the country weak, but a touch above forecasts.

Shareholders face a dividend drought as the slump in commodity prices and the supermarket price wars take their toll.

Shares in FTSE 100 drugmaker Shire fell 2 per cent this morning, after US health regulators declined approval for its key dry eye disease medicine and asked for more information.

 Talksport owner UTV Media has agreed to sell its television assets to ITV for £100million in a move that gives the London South Bank-headquartered broadcaster a firm footing in Northern Ireland.

Asda, Britain’s second biggest supermarket chain is to slow its store expansion in London and scale back its ‘click-and-collect’ programme, while accelerating investment in its larger stores, as it seeks to reverse a sharp fall in recent sales.

 10.15:The Footsie stayed weak in choppy early morning trade, with heavyweight commodity issues knocked by mixed economic news overnight from China, with third quarter GDP growth data from the country weak, but a touch above forecasts.

Billionaire media magnate Oprah Winfrey is buying a 10 per cent stake in slimming business Weight Watchers and will become a member of its board.

Broadcaster UTV is to sell its TV channels and brand to ITV in a £100million deal.

The rollercoaster ride continued for Glencore investors yesterday as its shares dived further into the red, dropping 5 per cent.

Qinetiq has landed a £5.2million contract to test and evaluate work undertaken on the Royal Air Force’s Chinook helicopters after they are upgraded by US manufacturer Boeing, writes Ben Griffiths.

Deutsche Bank’s British chief executive made a good impression on investors yesterday as they cheered his plans to clear out the old guard and split the investment bank in two.

Upmarket furnishings business Osborne & Little, run by the Chancellor’s father, has joined the growing number of firms hit by the strength of sterling.

Dairy Crest chief executive Mark Allen will receive a £1.2million share windfall after regulators gave the green light for the sale of his milk business to German firm Muller.

After years of talks, EDF and the Government will tomorrow finally unveil an agreement to build the first UK nuclear power station in a generation.

Bonmarché started trading on the London Stock Exchange’s main market yesterday, moving up from the junior AIM market.

 08.05:The Footsie was fairly flat in opening trade, torn between tracking the modest gains overnight on Wall Street and the falls today by Asian markets, with yesterday's weak China growth data continuing to be a drag on commodities.

Whitbread has posted a 13.8 per cent jump in half year profits as boss Any Harrison prepares to leave the company he has controlled for five years.

The managing director of Waitrose, Mark Price will leave next year after battling a poor performance by the posh supermarket chain for the past 18 months.

Profits at fashion group Asos have edged up after sales in the UK soared 27 per cent in the year to August.

McColl's Retail Group is to sell 100 of its less profitable newsagent outlets as it seeks to expand in the convenience store market, where shops sell everything from alcohol to takeaway coffee.

UK shoppers are enjoying lower grocery prices at the tills as the supermarket price war sees rivals continue to drag each other down, new figures have found.

 08.05:The Footsie was fairly flat in opening trade, torn between tracking the modest gains overnight on Wall Street and the falls today by Asian markets, with yesterday's weak China growth data continuing to be a drag on commodities.

The managing director of Waitrose is the latest grocery chief to head for the checkout in a surprise exit following disappointing profits.

TSB is hoping to buy some of Northern Rock’s most toxic loans which were swallowed up by the Government’s ‘bad bank’ during the financial crisis.

Powerful unions in South Africa have called on competition regulators to block the £68billion takeover of Peroni maker SABMiller by Anheuser-Busch InBev.

Joe and Joan Public will be keeping their beady eyes on Lloyds Banking Group’s third-quarter trading statement next Wednesday.

A dramatic sculpture resembling an upside-down electricity pylon has, since last month, been adorning the London skyline.

William Hill's shares have fallen after the bookie posted a 39 per cent slump in third quarter profits and warned its annual profits would be near the bottom end of City forecasts.

 09.00:The Footsie extended its gains in early trading, as global markets advanced on hopes for continuing cheap money after European Central Bank president Mario Draghi yesterday opened the door to more eurozone quantitative easing.

TalkTalk came under attack from City traders as well as cyber-criminals today after it revealed that sensitive personal data of millions of its customers could have been accessed by hackers.

A former British Gas boss is set to scoop a £10million windfall by selling one of the UK’s most historic telecoms firms to US titan John Malone in a £3.7billion mega-deal.

 09.00:The Footsie extended its gains in early trading, as global markets advanced on hopes for continuing cheap money after European Central Bank president Mario Draghi yesterday opened the door to more eurozone quantitative easing.

 TalkTalk's management were last night criticised by shareholders for their handling of a cyber-attack that has rocked the company.

Customers of historic London butcher Allens of Mayfair have taken to Twitter to lambast its landlord Grosvenor.

 Britain's biggest care home provider has appointed advisors to conduct an emergency review of its finances.

 It seems US billionaire John Malone cast his eye on the Caribbean after seeing his planned tie-up with Vodafone hit the buffers last month.

Sainsbury's has unveiled a raft of innovations and new formats in an attempt to breathe life into its stores and adapt to changing shopping habits.

 Investors are braced for Barclays to report a 4 per cent dip in profit next week, as rivals Lloyds and RBS also issue their third-quarter updates.

Profits at the world’s biggest container shipping company will be lower than predicted as a slowdown in global trade hits business.

Constable Dogberry in Shakespeare’s Much Ado About Nothing mangles every word he utters - and so do many business leaders.

Profits have halved at businessman Sir Rocco Forte’s luxury hotel group as the company was hit by currency fluctuations as well as the political situation in Russia.

17.05 (close):The London market was down today as gloomy prospects over global trade weighed on oil and mining stocks.

The 85 per cent rise in the value of recruiter and employment skills specialist Staffline in the year to date is reflective of a business firing on all cylinders.

Shares in WPP have stumbled after the world's biggest advertising firm warned that an anti-risk mood among business leaders is hampering spending on marketing.

Sterling soared to a four-week high against the euro last night after the European Central Bank gave the clearest signal yet that it is ready to print yet more money to support the economy.

TalkTalk shares have been sold off in London for the second session over growing fears that the company's legal bill could run into the hundreds of millions following last week's cyber attack on its customers.

17.05 (close):The London market was down today as gloomy prospects over global trade weighed on oil and mining stocks.

The premiere of the new James Bond film Spectre offered a glamorous vision of espionage but the naked truth is that 007 is increasingly irrelevant to the security of modern Britain.

Scandal-hit Volkswagen has lost the car sales crown to rival Toyota Motor Corp.

Whisky labelling entrepreneur John Watson made almost £15million from selling his business to US buyers.

WPP chief executive Sir Martin Sorrell warned sales growth in the UK has slowed as nervous company bosses cut costs.

One of Britain’s oldest aristocratic families has taken a gamble on Britain’s biggest bingo operator.

Shares in Aberdeen Asset Management surged on speculation that the struggling fund manager is sounding out potential buyers.

‘This can get worse!’ is not what oil explorers, or indeed investors, want to hear.

BP shares have risen in early trading despite the oil giant suffering a 40 per cent drop in third-quarter earnings, supported by signs of better times ahead.

17.20 (close):The London market closed lower today after third quarter UK economic growth was worse than expected.

Carpetright’s turnaround strategy continued to pay off in the first half as sales rose, helped by an increased focus on premium, special order carpets, although growth was slower than a year earlier.

Billion pound home shopping giant N Brown has lost its long-serving womenswear director who has been instrumental building the business over the past decade.

17.20 (close):The London market closed lower today after third quarter UK economic growth was worse than expected.

Metro Bank - which launched in 2010 - has seen its third quarter losses increase as the challenger lender bulks up ahead of a float on the London Stock Exchange planned for next year.

Hyperactive buyers chased Shire’s shares up to 4950p before they closed 318p higher at 4927p on hearing the drugs giant intends to re-file its dry eye treatment Lifitegrast with the FDA, the Big Daddy American regulator, for a possible US launch after a successful drug trial.

Budweiser owner Anheuser-Busch InBev has secured more time to complete a £68billion deal to form the world’s largest brewer that will be responsible for making one in every three pints served around the world.

Equiniti flopped on its stock market debut last night in the latest embarrassment for investment bank Goldman Sachs.

Shop Direct said annual profit rose 78 per cent to £71.7million as it was boosted by strong sales of fashion brand Very.

Chemring was fighting for its life yesterday as it issued a profit warning and announced emergency plans to go cap in hand to shareholders.

Steel bosses compared the crisis-stricken industry with a patient on an operating table 'likely to die' as they gave evidence to MPs yesterday.

As the latest James Bond film is released and fans hunt for the franchise’s latest collectors’ item, upmarket auction house Phillips hopes a vintage 007 watch will spark interest among more well-heeled aficionados.

BP has been hammered again by the slump in oil prices as it revealed a dramatic fall in profits and paved the way for deeper spending cuts and more job losses.

17.10 (close):The London market was higher today lifted by rising oil prices and an announcement that the competition watchdog has provisionally approved BT's £12.5 billion merger with mobile phone firm EE.

Shares in telecoms giant BT Group jumped 4 per cent this morning after Britain’s competition watchdog said it has provisionally approved the firm’s £12.5billion takeover of mobile network EE.

New Barclays boss Jes Staley could earn up to £8.2million a year, as the bank confirmed his appointment as its group chief executive officer from December 1, in a widely expected move.

17.10 (close):The London market was higher today lifted by rising oil prices and an announcement that the competition watchdog has provisionally approved BT's £12.5 billion merger with mobile phone firm EE.

 Walgreens Boots Alliance, the American firm that owns Boots the Chemist, posted a 4.8 per cent rise in annual earnings to £3.34bn as it announced plans to buy rival US pharmacy chain Rite Aid.

Guests were quaffing champagne and star architect Zaha Hadid was being feted at an event in a chic corner of Mayfair for the entrepreneur David Chu.

Barclays’ new boss attempted to dispel fears that he plans to bring back the aggressive, casino culture of Bob Diamond.

 Shares in aerospace and defence group Meggitt nosedived by more than 20 per cent after the firm issued a profits warning.

 Lloyds urged regulators to bring forward the deadline on PPI complaints as its compensation bill for the scandal soared to just under £14bn.

It's been a while now since Petra Diamonds’ shares were an investor’s best friend.

17.20 (close):The London market fell today, weighed by disappointing results from Barclays and Royal Dutch Shell.

 The crisis at Globo deepened yesterday after the financial watchdog launched an investigation into the mobile software firm over claims it falsified sales.

 GlaxoSmithKline reported forecast-beating third-quarter sales, as the pharmaceuticals giant continues its convalescence following a Chinese corruption scandal.

The current woes of the oil industry were exposed again today as Royal Dutch Shell unveiled a hefty $6.1billion (£4billion) third quarter loss as a result of cancelled projects and low oil prices.

Barclays has reported a slump in third quarter profits, a day after confirming that American banker Jes Staley will be its new boss.

 Rock-bottom oil prices and the failure of major projects took their toll on Royal Dutch Shell as it slumped to a third-quarter loss of £4bn.

 Former Standard Chartered chief Lord Davies took up the cudgel for female executives yesterday, as he looks to build on his efforts to bring more women into the boardroom.

 A dramatic slowdown in the American economy has sparked a fresh debate over when interest rates will rise on both sides of the Atlantic.

Smoke signals suggest corporate financiers are working on an absolute Christmas cracker of a mega deal which could push the Footsie back above 7000.

 One evening in the early 1970s, a young Harvard student was waiting on tables in a restaurant as a holiday job in his home town of Dillon, South Carolina.

 Barclays has set aside £290m to compensate customers after short-changing them on their foreign currency.

 Britain's goal of doubling exports by the end of the decade is ‘pie in the sky’, a senior MP has warned.

 The boss of Aviva has described motor insurance fraud as a ‘national scandal’ as a former employee awaits sentencing for selling personal details of its customers.

The parent company of British Airways lent credence to the old adage that ‘it is better to travel than arrive’ as its shares dropped 4 per cent today despite an upgrade to its 2015 profit outlook.

17.15 (close):The London market closed down today, dragged lower by traders who were disappointed by results from Royal Bank of Scotland and British Airways owner International Airlines Group (IAG).

Royal Bank of Scotland plunged into the red in the third quarter, potentially complicating Government plans to return the state-backed lender to private ownership.

BG Group, the former exploration arm of British Gas, has posted a fall in profits for the third quarter while upping its 2015 production levels forecast for the second time this year.

With Halloween just a day away it is apt we kick off the report with a horror story.

Telecoms giant TalkTalk has seen its share price bounce back today as it revealed the scale of last week's cyber-attack was 'significantly smaller than initially suspected.'

Worries about the global downturn have hit consumer confidence this month, according to a survey released today, a further sign of caution that the UK economy has slowed down in recent months.

17.15 (close):The London market closed down today, dragged lower by traders who were disappointed by results from Royal Bank of Scotland and British Airways owner International Airlines Group (IAG).

 BG Group became the latest firm to count the cost of low oil prices – a day after its takeover predator Shell reported lacklustre figures.

Looming fines in the US and the threat of another wave of PPI complaints in the UK are blocking efforts to re-privatise Royal Bank of Scotland, the bank’s new chairman said yesterday.

 Cineworld investors were left shaken and stirred yesterday as City broker Canaccord shot down sentiment with a ‘sell’ rating on the cinema group.

 Credit Suisse is being quizzed by US and Swiss authorities investigating allegations of bribery and corruption at Fifa.

Lidl's boss has been given a 56 per cent pay rise after a bumper year in which annual sales hit a record £4bn.

A competition investigation is under way into a proposed merger of O2 and Three which would create the UK’s biggest mobile phone group.

 Scandal-hit Globo is teetering on the brink after its main lender Barclays warned that the company is in default on its loan agreements.

BAE Systems is investing in a British firm developing an engine capable of flying passengers from London to Sydney in four hours.

Irish airline Ryanair has again nudged up its annual profit forecast after posting soaring first half profits, although its shares fell as, despite this, it said it still has ‘zero visibility’ on the fourth quarter.

Banking giant HSBC surprised the City today by posting stronger than expected third quarter pretax profits, although its shares still fell with global outlook concerns after weak China factory data.

17.20 (close):Top flight stocks struggled for direction today, as banks dominated the session buoyed by a windfall from the sale of credit card firm Visa Europe to its US sister business.

17.20 (close):Top flight stocks struggled for direction today, as banks dominated the session buoyed by a windfall from the sale of credit card firm Visa Europe to its US sister business.

Justin King’s report into the failings of Thomas Cook over the death of two children in a Corfu hotel in 2006 is the very least that was necessary after a terrible tragedy.

Britain's biggest banks are set to receive multi-million-pound windfalls from the £15billion sale of the European arm of Visa.

Marks & Spencer is set for another disappointing update when it delivers its half-year figures on Wednesday.

17.15 (close):Shares in Standard Chartered tumbled into the red as the bank said it would cut 15,000 jobs and announced a multibillion-dollar investor cash call after swinging to a third quarter loss.

He is the first Brit to run McDonald’s, and just eight months since becoming chief executive Steve Easterbrook served up a surprise – a portion of super-sized sales with the third-quarter results.

Standard Chartered will axe 15,000 jobs worldwide as it seeks to make cost savings of £1.9billion by 2018.

Quindell shareholders got some rare good news yesterday as the company announced it was giving them a £415m pay-out.

Britain's housebuilders are set for another good year but investors should back the right horse to make the most of the situation.

Interactive gaming giant Activision Blizzard is to acquire Candy Crush maker King Digital Entertainment in a bid to 'create one of the world's largest entertainment networks.'

Primark owner Associated British Foods has suffered a 30 pent drop in annual profits, which fell to £717million in the year to 12 September.

17.15 (close):Shares in Standard Chartered tumbled into the red as the bank said it would cut 15,000 jobs and announced a multibillion-dollar investor cash call after swinging to a third quarter loss.

Shares in Standard Chartered tanked yesterday after the bank dived into the red and its new boss announced 15,000 job cuts.

GlaxoSmithKline is poised to file up to 20 medicines and vaccines for regulatory approval before 2020 as it seeks to restock its flagging development pipeline.

Burberry is tapping into George Osborne’s Northern Powerhouse initiative by investing more than £50million to build a factory in Leeds to produce its famous trench coat.

SABMiller has asked for more time to complete its mega-merger with Anheuser-Busch InBev - having only recently been granted an extension to this evening.

Royal Dutch Shell chief executive Ben van Beurden is the oil industry’s equivalent of a swan – below his calm demeanour he is furiously paddling to keep his planned £40billion mega-deal afloat.

Four Seasons Health Care needs a lifeline in the next six months, a credit rating agency has warned.

Irish oil baron Aidan Heavey, who founded oil producer Tullow Oil 29 years ago and still runs it, said in a recent interview that he remains bullish about prospects and the key to his confidence is the huge Tweneboa- Enyenra-Ntomme – or TEN – field in Ghana.

17.05 (close):Shares in Marks & Spencer lifted after the retailer posted a better-than-expected rise in half-year profits despite a further fall in sales at its embattled clothing arm.

A shortage of properties coming up for sale is set to hamper full-year profits at Britain's biggest estate agent Countrywide, the firm warned today.

Marks & Spencer suffered a 1.9 per cent drop in second-quarter like-for-like sales after cutting back on sales promotions.

17.05 (close):Shares in Marks & Spencer lifted after the retailer posted a better-than-expected rise in half-year profits despite a further fall in sales at its embattled clothing arm.

 Sterling soared to an 11-week high against the euro on mounting speculation that interest rates are to rise within a matter of months.

Marks and Spencer blamed the weather and a decision to sell its products at full price for another quarter of disappointing clothes sales.

 Multi-millionaire investor and serial entrepreneur Jim Mellon has more angles than a protractor.

Leaning against the fireplace in Burberry’s cavernous Regent Street store in London, Christopher Bailey could barely contain his excitement.

 Pubs group JD Wetherspoon warned of a second year of falling profits because of the impact of higher staffing costs.

Shares in debt-laden mining and trading giant Glencore jumped almost 5.4 per cent after it promised shareholders its cost-cutting and asset sales are on track.

17.20 (close):Morrisons was a big top-flight faller after the supermarket revealed another hefty slide in sales while the Bank of England downgraded UK growth this year.

National Grid has asked power stations to ramp up their electricity generation over fears supplies would fall short because of technical breakdowns.

AstraZeneca topped the FTSE 100 leader board in early trading today, jumping after the drugmaker lifted its full year forecasts for revenue and earnings after reporting in-line third quarter results.

Embattled Morrisons has posted another quarterly sales decline despite the supermarket chain insisting it was 'moving at pace' to turn around its performance.

The slump in energy prices clobbered shareholders in oil services firm Amec Foster Wheeler today, with the group halving its dividend payout, leading its shares to lose over a quarter of their value.

Thomas Cook was one of the biggest fallers on the FTSE 350 today after all British flights to and from the major Egyptian tourist resort of Sharm el Sheik were cancelled in the aftermath of last weekend’s airplane crash.

17.20 (close):Morrisons was a big top-flight faller after the supermarket revealed another hefty slide in sales while the Bank of England downgraded UK growth this year.

Fashion retailer SuperGroup has posted strong revenue and sales figures for the first half of the year ahead of its key Christmas trading period.

 Activist investor Edward Bramson has finally secured a board seat at Electra Private Equity following a protracted battle.

 Thriving housing and social care services group Mears was again in demand with shares touching 450p before closing a further 15.5p higher at 448.25p for a two-day leap of 32p or 8 per cent.

 Britain's two drug giants – AstraZeneca and GlaxoSmithKline – yesterday raised hopes that they both have blockbuster treatments on the horizon.

 Morrisons is cutting down on the use of vouchers and simplifying promotions as chief executive David Potts tries to woo back customers.

Sterling slammed into reverse yesterday after the Bank of England dashed hopes of an early rise in interest rates.

Mark Carney was hailed as the ‘outstanding central banker of his generation’ by George Osborne after the Chancellor persuaded the Canadian to swap Ottawa for London.

CLOSE:Britain's top share index retreated on Friday, weighed down by mining stocks that fell as the dollar surged following better-than-expected U.S. jobs data.

Telecoms company Cable & Wireless Communications reported pre-tax losses in its half-year results yesterday, just two weeks ahead of an expected takeover offer from Liberty Global.

Credit Suisse and law firms Freshfields and Holman Fenwick Willan have been named and shamed in a rare step by Britain’s takeover watchdog.

Drug giant AstraZeneca has bought US firm ZS Pharma in a multi billion dollar cash deal that could see the UK firm get it hands on a treatment for hyperkalaemia - a disease that can cause chronic kidney disease and heart failure.

The US looks certain to raise interest rates in December after figures today revealed that a mammoth 271,000 jobs were created by the world's largest economy last month.

The exact date of when interest rates will rise has been dismissed as not what matters by Deputy Bank of England Governor Nemat Shafik.

Healthcare companies with potentially great consumer-facing products were in focus this week.

Debt-laden Lonmin could land in the lap of the South African government by Christmas, analysts have predicted, as shares in the world’s third largest platinum producer plunged again.

Primark owner Associated British Foods has moved the goal posts on an incentive scheme, making it easier for 150 executives to receive a payout.

THE ACCUSED:Jonathan Buxton, head of consumer at Cavendish Corporate Finance.

McLaren has plunged into the red – but says it will return to profitability next year.

Close:Top-flight shares were down today, dragged lower by disappointing China trade data, which knocked the market's heavyweight miners.

Quindell has confirmed it will change its name as it seeks to turn over a new leaf after 18 months of turmoil.

Unions criticised the efforts made by Business Minister Sajid Javid to help Britain’s crisis-hit steel industry.

 Tesco chief executive Dave Lewis has attacked the Government for imposing a ‘lethal cocktail’ of higher taxes and wage increases which could cripple shop owners.

 The global financial watchdog chaired by Mark Carney said it has now ‘created the tools needed to end too-big-to-fail banks’.

 Big oil may have taken a hit from plummeting crude prices, but Tullow Oil showed yesterday that there’s life in the old dog yet.

You know things are tough at a company when a desperate plan to raise new capital is seen by the market as a hopeful sign.

 A former adviser to Margaret Thatcher who led the £5.4bn sale of British Gas has been appointed deputy chairman at Barclays.

CLOSE:London market heavyweight Vodafone saw its shares boosted as it upped its earnings outlook and delivered a better-than-expected set of half-year figures.

Trade around the world has dropped to levels only seen in global recessions as China and emerging markets have faltered, a leading think-tank warned yesterday.

Mobile phone giant Vodafone hailed an 'important turning point' today as it revealed first-half profits had grown and that the full-year haul will be ahead of previous expectations.

JD Wetherspoon has put 34 pubs with an estimated value of up to £40million on the block less than a week after it warned of a second year of falling profits because of the impact of higher staffing costs.

Savers dismayed by meagre returns and hopeful of a hike in interest rates withdrew almost £4billion in just three months from funds run by Prudential's investment arm M&G.

At last some positive buzz flowing through the pylons at National Grid after it hit the headlines for the wrong reasons last week.

Vodafone's boss hit out at BT yesterday and claimed the telecoms giant was trying to claw back a monopoly of the market, while using subsidies to restrict competition.

Fewer than one in ten households eligible for the married couple’s tax allowance is benefiting from the perk, it has emerged.

New Look slipped into the red after its former private equity owners racked up £23million in charges related to the summer sale of the business.

John Lewis is to establish its first ever presence in Europe having identified seven outlets in the Netherlands.

Two rare coloured diamonds worth an estimated £55million will go under the hammer this week.

Profits at Sainsbury's have plunged 17.9 per cent for the first six months of the year as discount retailers Aldi and Lidl continue to take chunks out of the UK's third-biggest supermarket.

CLOSE:The much-anticipated agreement over a £71 billion tie-up between global beer giants Anheuser-Busch InBev and SABMiller helped lift the London market as the deal looks set to become the biggest-ever takeover of a British company.

TalkTalk customers will be able to take their pick from a range of freebies as the telecoms firm apologises for the distress caused by cyber attacks that hacked into stores of personal details.

The UK unemployment rate has fallen to a seven year low of 5.3 per cent in the three months to September, the Office for National Statistics said.

Former Tory party treasurer Michael Spencer has sold ICAP’s voice broking business to rival Tullett Prebon for more than £1bn.

 Falling sales and a fierce supermarket price war caused half-year profits at Sainsbury’s to fall to their lowest level in six years.

 The taxi driver parks outside the new Lidl superstore in Rushden, Northamptonshire and says: ‘It’s posh, innit.’ The glass and metal design has more of an upmarket feel and is part of a new strategy.

 Drastic times call for drastic measures.

Older homeowners are often the butt of abuse.

Rolls Royce shares have tanked nearly 20 per cent this morning after the defence giant issued its fourth profit warning this year and its fifth since February 2014.

 TalkTalk's customers are being wooed with freebies as the company bids to minimise an exodus after a cyber attack, while shareholders scooped a handsome dividend.

Halfords said it will improve customer service and will increase the number of exclusive products as part of a new chapter in its strategic plan while it continued to battle against falling sales.

Close:The London stock market was sent tumbling today, with miners sinking into the red once more.

Npower owner RWE said profits would be at the lower end of its predictions after it lost 200,000 British customers unexpectedly.

EE's boss has rejected claims from rival Vodafone that his company's merger with BT will create an industry monopoly as being 'untrue'.

The British Bankers' Association has called for the bank levy to be phased out as it warns the UK's position as an international financial centre is under threat from a raft of new regulation.

DEALERS nervously await further fallout from the Volkswagen emissions scandal.

The wheels came off bike sales at Halfords, hitting profits and sending the shares down 8.14 per cent.

Shares in Rolls-Royce plunged by nearly a fifth after the engineering giant issued the latest in a string of profit warnings and dangled a question mark over dividend payments.

Penny-pinching at Burberry helped it record a 3 per cent first-half profit rise despite a Chinese spending slowdown.

Have you heard the one about the dog, the fishing boat and the £30,000 oil spill claim?

BAE is cutting 371 jobs linked to a slowdown in production of its Typhoon fighter jet, the company announced yesterday.

Celebrity-favourite footwear brand Jimmy Choo has appointed Elisabeth Murdoch, the daughter of media tycoon Rupert Murdoch, as a non-executive director.

Close:The London market slumped to a six-week low, following on from sharp falls in the previous session.

The Treasury has sold £13 billion of Northern Rock mortgages to US private equity firm Cerberus Capital Management in what is described as the largest ever financial asset sale by a European government.

Bango Plcwas something of a small-cap rarity this week.

Vodafone is spending £1.3billion improving its network in India.

Shoppers can snap up designer goods cheaper in mainland Europe than in Britain for the first time due to the continued strength of the pound.

The price of oil tumbled more than 2 per cent this week – the largest weekly fall in eight months – amid a record build-up of supply.

Cornelia James, glove maker to the Queen, has agreed a deal with House of Fraser to sell a range of affordable accessories.

THE ACCUSED:Jill McDonald, chief executive of Halfords.

Shareholders of DCD Media did not see the funny side after the independent television producer crashed 107.5p, or nearly 30 per cent, to 255p after ITV said it would not be recommissioning a key comedy show, triggering a profit warning.

Royal Mailis poised to report half-year results which are expected to show a fall in profits as the company’s letters business continues to slide.

Budget airline easyJet is set to unveil record annual profits of about £700million on Tuesday after flying unprecedented numbers of passengers away from Britain’s dismal summer.

Rob Law, the inventor of the Trunki suitcase, was famously turned down by Dragons’ Den when he appeared on the TV show to ask for investment.

Whistles, the high street store whose clothes are worn by the Duchess of Cambridge, increased sales by 11 per cent to £62.9million last year as it successfully launched into the menswear market and expanded its number of shops.

Rolls-Royce’s shares closed at a five-year low on Friday after Britain’s biggest engineer issued its fifth profit warning in less than two years, provoking speculation that it might become a bid target.

Upstarts Aldi and Lidl plan to open 171 new stores over the coming months as they pile the pressure on their ‘Big Four’ rivals, a report by the The Sunday Telegraph has revealed.

Shares in London have held up despite the terror attacks on Paris and fresh data showing that Japan - the world's third largest economy - had fallen into recession for the fourth time in just five years.

Three former bosses who have been blamed for the downfall of HBOS could face lifetime bans from the financial services industry after a report into the lender’s collapse is finally published this week.

17.15 (close):The London market has closed higher despite seeing travel firms slump as a result of the Paris terror attacks.

Hotel group Marriott International Inc is buying Sheraton owner Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc in a $12.2billion deal on course to create the world biggest hotel chain.

17.15 (close):The London market has closed higher despite seeing travel firms slump as a result of the Paris terror attacks.

For the residents and staff of Bamford Grange Care Home in Stockport and at Osbourne Court Care Home in Baldock, Hertfordshire, the details of the dining habits of Guy Hands may stick in the throat.

 Cable & Wireless Communications was snapped up by Liberty Global last night in a multi-billion-pound deal which could trigger an £11m windfall for its chief executive.

The chairman of the Treasury Select Committee urged regulators to not cave in to ‘special pleading’ from UK banks to water down rules designed to protect taxpayers from another financial crisis.

 Former HBOS chief Andy Hornby is likely to retain the backing of his employers in the gaming industry even if he is harshly criticised by a report into the collapsed lender.

 After the appalling terrorist attacks in Paris over the weekend, it seems churlish to talk about stock markets.

EasyJet has announced a bumper set of results but warned that the airline industry could be hit by longer security delays at airports following the attacks in Paris on Friday and the Sharm el-Sheikh plane crash in Egypt.

17.10 (close):The London market posted its biggest one-day gain in six weeks, as traders set aside their concerns over the impact the Paris attacks will have on global trade.

Majestic Wine hopes the Force will be with it as the alcohol retailer launched Project Jedi, an initiative to motivate staff following disappointing half-year results.

17.10 (close):The London market posted its biggest one-day gain in six weeks, as traders set aside their concerns over the impact the Paris attacks will have on global trade.

Asda chief executive Andy Clarke was left red-faced last night after posting another set of dismal quarterly sales figures.

The Hunger Games distributor Entertainment One announced a dramatic surge in profits thanks to the success of its TV projects, but it said fierce competition at the box office had held back its film division.

Discounter B&M warned the shelves in some of its stores have been left bare because it has been opening shops too fast and has run out of stock.

Audrey Hepburn had breakfast on its sidewalk, gazing through Tiffany's window on a bright Manhattan morning.

The property company behind London’s Cheesegrater skyscraper reported a 7.5 per cent rise in the value of its portfolio in the first half of this year.

Rumours that an old adversary is sniffing around again kept followers of Laird on their toes.

The devastating attacks in Paris last week led investors to ditch shares in airlines and snap up stocks in defence and security firms yesterday.

17.15 (close):Markets levelled off today, after robust gains in the previous session, as police operations in Paris and last night's terror alerts hit investor sentiment.

British investors risk losing out financially if they rely on money-market indicators to predict when interest rates will rise, the Bank of England has warned.

Delivery firm UK Mail saw its shares plunge in early trading today after the group posted a 56 per cent fall in first half profits and said its expectations for next year had 'softened'.

17.15 (close):Markets levelled off today, after robust gains in the previous session, as police operations in Paris and last night's terror alerts hit investor sentiment.

 An investigation has been launched by the City watchdog into the UK’s £6.6trillion investment industry amid fears that millions of savers are being crippled by swingeing charges.

 Investors pulled the plug on Soco International after the company gave a veiled warning that future dividend payments could be in jeopardy.

 Irish billionaire Dermot Desmond launched a stinging attack on the proposed £2bn merger between rival bookies Ladbrokes and Coral just days before a crucial vote.

 America’s central bank last night signalled that US interest rates could begin to rise in December after being held at close to zero per cent since the height of the financial crisis in 2008.

Most books by participants in the financial crisis are voluminous tales of How I Saved The World.

Former bosses of Halifax Bank of Scotland could be summoned to give evidence to MPs following the publication today of the report into its collapse during the financial crisis.

 Barclays has been fined almost £100m by US regulators for using super-fast computers to reject unprofitable orders for foreign currency.

Shares in Bovis Homes dived 11 per cent today after the housebuilder warned its full year operating profit margin is likely to be only marginally higher due to issues with its overall mix of homes.

 Insurance giant Aviva is to expand its healthcare arm by targeting low-cost cover for diseases such as cancer.

FTSE CLOSE:The London market has jumped, buoyed by better-than-expected earnings at Royal Mail and further signs of a US interest rate hike next month.

Shares in discount retailer Poundland plunged more than 20 per cent today after the firm posted weak first-half profits which took a hit from store opening costs.

Royal Mailsaw profits fall in the first half as its letters business continues to slide, costs to transform the business came in higher than expected and competition from the likes of Amazon intensifies.

Shares in QinetiQ surged almost 12 per cent yesterday after the defence technology and engineering group cheered investors with strong half-year results.

Mothercare has seen its profits shoot up after shifting its focus from discounting to charging full-price, its boss claimed.

Rolls-Royce was feeling the pressure last night after activist investor ValueAct almost doubled its stake in the firm, just one week after the engine-maker’s fifth profit warning.

Christmas has come early for Johnson Matthey’s shareholders.

Bookmaker Ladbrokes has hit back at claims by billionaire investor Dermot Desmond after he urged shareholders to vote down a planned £2billion tie-up with Coral just days before a crucial vote.

Nationwide has posted a 34 per cent increase in half year profits as it benefited from the continued boom in mortgage lending and opened over a quarter of a million new current accounts.

17.30 (close):The FTSE 100 index at the close was up 4.70 at 6334.63.

The Chancellor George Osborne faces an uphill struggle to meet his self-imposed borrowing targets after the Government overspent in October, official figures showed today.

 European Central Bank President Mario Draghi sent the euro heading south against the pound today after stating he was ready to increase stimulus measures for the region's struggling economy.

17.30 (close):The FTSE 100 index at the close was up 4.70 at 6334.63.

Small-cap investors went fishing for shares inAqua Bounty Technologieson Friday after US watchdogs gave the go-ahead for its genetically enhanced salmon.

 Libya might not be the obvious port of call for some much-needed good news, but it gave Glencore an early lift as news of a potentially lucrative oil deal bubbled to the surface.

 Blundering regulators and Treasury officials hatched secret plans for HBOS to ‘rescue’ Bradford & Bingley at the height of the financial crisis.

 The boss of Britain’s biggest building society has warned that house prices in London could slam into reverse, describing the market as ‘unsustainable’.

European Central Bank president Mario Draghi hinted that the £42bn a month stimulus for the eurozone could be extended.

Severn Trent’s chief executive Liv Garfield and Sage boss Stephen Kelly have been named among Britain’s latest crop of Business Ambassadors.

Constable Dogberry in Shakespeare’s Much Ado About Nothing mangles every word he utters - and so do many business leaders.

Bonfire Night may be over, but betting giant Ladbrokes is bracing itself for fireworks at its extraordinary general meeting on Tuesday.

The chief executive of supermarket group Morrisons is in line to pocket a multi-million pound bonus – even though the company is expecting sales to fall.

Passenger and freight shipping operator P&O Ferries jumped back into the black last year as cost-savings and cheaper fuel led to higher profit margins.

Belaguered travel firm Thomas Cook is expected to reveal a fall in turnover and profits when it announces its full-year figures on Wednesday.

Specsavers founders Dame Mary Perkins and her husband Doug shared a £27.3million dividend in accounts just filed as the opticians chain they founded more than 30 years ago continued to perform strongly.

The family behind the world’s leading maker of fighter jet ejection seats received dividends of £40million last year.

Luxury car brand Bentley Motors is in a legal battle with a small menswear clothing company over the use of its name.

17.25 (close):The London market was lower today, weighed down by trader concerns over miners and supermarkets.

Challenging trading conditions triggered by 'very mild, wet weather' has hampered sales at over-50's fashion retailer Bonmarché's this month, the firm said as it reported a fall in half-year results.

Investment firm Standard Life has said it would support HSBC if the bank choses to relocate its headquarters outside the UK to escape heavy additional costs and regulations.

Viagra maker Pfizer and Botox firm Allergan have agreed to merge in the biggest pharmaceuticals deal in history, creating a behemoth worth $160billion (£106billion), The merger of the US giant and its smaller Ireland-based rival will create an industry leader that would have more than 100 treatments in mid to late stage development.

Talk of a possible £1billion takeover bid for Argos and Homebase owner Home Retail Group sent its shares 5 per cent higher today, with analysts calling the bid rumours ‘justified’.

17.25 (close):The London market was lower today, weighed down by trader concerns over miners and supermarkets.

AB Dynamics is one of those rare beasts of AIM – profitable, growing and dividend paying.

Deteriorating conditions at its healthcare division saw outsourcing firm Mitie Group post a 12.1 per cent fall in its half year pretax profits to £50.1million.

Defence and aerospace firms were given a major lift by yesterday’s Government review of defence spending, writes Ben Griffiths.

Playtech has abandoned a £460million bid for spread-betting business Plus500 after being blocked by regulators.

Investors went shopping for shares in Home Retail yesterday amid talk of a £1bn takeover bid for the Argos and Homebase owner.

The £106billion marriage between the makers of Viagra and Botox was cemented yesterday, making the combination of US drugs giant Pfizer and Dublin-based Allergan the second-biggest corporate takeover in history.

France's struggling economy has cooled further in the wake of the terror attacks in Paris and the country remains ‘the weakest link’ in the eurozone, according to experts.

Kingfisher, Europe's biggest home improvement retailer has suffered a 6.6 per cent drop in third-quarter profits, impacted by sluggish sales in France and adverse foreign exchange movements.

Britain's love of flat pack furniture has shown no signs of folding as Ikea reported an 11.3 per cent jump in annual sales to £1.57billion.

Beleaguered engine-maker Rolls Royce is set to reveal today how it will steer back to safety with plans to slash costs by £200million a year.

17.25 (close):Travel stocks slumped amid heightened global security fears and as fresh data revealed the ongoing impact of recent terrorist attacks.

The pound slipped today after Bank of England Governor Mark Carney said UK interest rates are likely to remain low for some time, and as a weak UK retail report backed up such expectations.

AO World saw its shares tumble nearly 15 per cent today after reporting an £8.9million operating loss for the first half of this year, compared to a profit of £900,000 at the same stage last year.

17.25 (close):Travel stocks slumped amid heightened global security fears and as fresh data revealed the ongoing impact of recent terrorist attacks.

Strong box office receipts from new James Bond blockbuster Spectre helped boost cinema chain Cineworld as it approaches the end of its financial year, with the news Star Wars movie yet to come.

Savers who have cash Isas with large banks need to move their money now or face becoming victims of yet another round of rate cuts.

Shares in Babcock International jumped 3 per cent as the FTSE 100 engineer welcomed the Government’s Strategic Defence and Security Review, which promises to offer more contracts supporting UK Armed Forces.

A sales slowdown in China and the US continues to hit purveyors of luxury goods, according to jeweller Tiffany & Co and German clothing brand Hugo Boss.

Ladbrokes investor Dermot Desmond vowed to derail the merger between the bookmaker and its rival Coral after the £2.3billion tie-up was backed by shareholders.

Jaguar Land Rover is to invest £450m in its engine manufacturing centre in Wolverhampton which will eventually double the luxury British car maker’s workforce to 1,400.

Rolls-Royce appealed for investors’ patience and support for its long-term prospects as fledgling chief executive Warren East outlined his plans to steady the embattled FTSE 100 giant.

A second profits warning at John Menzies should trigger more demands from activist investors to break apart the business.

Former Tory Treasurer Peter Cruddas – a key backer of the campaign for Britain to leave the EU – has become £13.5million richer after his firm CMC Markets almost doubled profits.

17.15 (close):Strong gains from house builders drove the London market higher amid a boost to affordable housing in today's Autumn Statement.

Billionaire retail boss Sir Philip Green is launching a new clothing line with singerBeyoncénext Spring, his fashion group has revealed.

Guy Buswell, the boss of embattled delivery service UK Mail, has stepped down from his role as chief executive with immediate effect, one week after the firm posted a crash in first half profits.

Travel firm Thomas Cook has overcome a string of a terror attacks and catastrophes to post its first annual profit for five years, and also reassured with signs of strong demand for winter 2016 holidays.

Online bookmaker Betfair has posted an increase in revenues but a fall in profits ahead of its merger with rival Paddy Power due to complete in the first quarter of next year.

Chancellor George Osborne has issued a better than expected set of economic forecasts for the economy and confirmed that the public purse will be back in the black by 2020.

17.15 (close):Strong gains from house builders drove the London market higher amid a boost to affordable housing in today's Autumn Statement.

A big change of direction that was signalled by the Chancellor’s Spending Review is the shifting of responsibilities and finance from Whitehall to the devolved regions and English cities.

The Chancellor has promised to protect the UK's £4.7billion annual science budget against inflation until 2020.

Rumour-mongers worked overtime while Chancellor George Osborne’s long Autumn Statement speech deprived many dealers of a decent lunch.

 Big guns in the defence industry were firing on all cylinders yesterday as they emerged as one of the main winners from the Autumn Statement.

The steel and chemicals industry welcomed George Osborne’s decision to exempt them from climate change taxes but called for more to be done to level the playing field with overseas rivals.

John Lewis has banned its employees from using staff discounts on its website onBlack Friday.

Barclays was today fined over £72million for failing to put proper checks in place on super-rich customers to make sure the bank wasn't being used to facilitate financial crime.

Severn Trent shares edged higher this morning after the water company reported a rise in half year profits and said it had also seen a big fall in the number of customer complaints.

17.10 (close):The London market made strong gains thanks to mining stocks bouncing back and hopes in Europe for further measures to stimulate spending.

Brewer and pub group Marston’s cheered investors today after it reported rising profits and said its programme of pub disposals was ‘largely complete’.

17.10 (close):The London market made strong gains thanks to mining stocks bouncing back and hopes in Europe for further measures to stimulate spending.

Tesco has agreed to pay $12million (£8million) to settle a US shareholder lawsuit claiming that accounting irregularities inflated the share price of Britain's biggest supermarket group.

Marston's concentration on pub grub has paid off as the brewer returned to profit this year.

The Edinburgh Woollen Mill, the company behind high street clothing chains, Peacocks, Jane Norman and Ponden Mill is to open another 100 shops after posting record annual profit.

 Black Friday has become a phenomenon for all the wrong reasons.

Grating cheese on pizza rather than slicing it, and other cost-cutting measures, helped food group SSP post a strong rise in annual profit.

George Osborne’s crackdown on whiplash claims in Britain sent shockwaves Down Under yesterday – with an Australian law firm losing half its value on the stock market in Sydney, writes Hugo Duncan.

Commodoties giant Glencore has stood up for its deal with Libya’s National Oil Corporation after one of the nation’s rival administrations threatened to block its tankers.

As their American counterparts spent the Thanksgiving Day holiday scoffing turkey, stuffing and pumpkin pie, washed down with Californian red, buyers at home injected life into Sinclair IS Pharma after it announced the sale of its medical dermatology business to Alliance Pharma for £127.5million – 26.5p a share.

Buying classic cars, jewellery and gold could be a better investment than investing in the FTSE 100 or a central London home, according to the latest Knight Frank wealth report.

George Osborne likes to portray himself as a low-taxConservativewho lets hard-working families keep more of their own money.

Close:The London market has ended the week lower after light trading in the US and steep overnight falls in China following the announcement of a probe into two major brokers.

A surprise surge in imports - that doubled the UK's trade deficit - has cut 1.5 percentage points of the economy's growth rate in the third quarter, official figures revealed today.

No-win no-fee law firms were big losers in the Chancellor’s Autumn Statement this week.

 Anglo American subsided 8 per cent as the miner lost a battle to expand a pit in Australia – while rival Rio Tinto won approval to extend a mine in the same region.

 A former HSBC employee who plunged the bank into crisis after blowing the whistle on tax evasion by wealthy clients was yesterday sentenced to five years in jail.

 Britain’s biggest retailers have been left with red faces after consumers went online rather than hit the shops.

Investors in Shanghai’s stock market have suffered their heaviest losses since the ‘Great fall of China’ three months ago.

Britain’s economy slowed over the summer as the recovery was held back by dismal trade with the rest of the world, according to official figures.

Constable Dogberry in Shakespeare’s Much Ado About Nothing mangles every word he utters - and so do many business leaders.

 The big banks may be forced to scale back plans for dividend payouts following the results of ‘stress tests’ by the Bank of England this week.

 Medium-sized firms are the ‘unsung heroes’ of the British economy, the CBI’s new director general will say today.

17.30 (close):InterContinental Hotels Group (IHG) is being pursued by Shanghai Jin Jiang International Hotels Group, the airlines owner HNA Group and the sovereign wealth fund China Investment Corp, lifting the hotel chain almost 3 per cent.

Aberdeen Asset Management topped the FTSE 100 fallers list in morning trade, after the emerging markets-focused investment firm suffered its tenth consecutive quarter of net fund outflows.

With shoppers set to spend almost £1billion online this Cyber Monday, concerns over making purchases securely were in focus as a mobile payments firm moved to reassure over the impact of cyber-attacks that occurred in 2009-2010, and calls were made for ‘cyber audits.’ Paysafe Group today said it was confident that data stolen through the cyber-attacks around five or six years ago could not be used to access existing customer details for its Neteller or Skrill accounts.

To understand how vehicle tracking firmTrakm8will evolve it is important to have a grasp of how technology is developing.

UK consumer credit continued to grow in October at rates not seen since 2006, while mortgage approvals edged higher after a dip in the previous month, Bank of England data showed today.

17.30 (close):InterContinental Hotels Group (IHG) is being pursued by Shanghai Jin Jiang International Hotels Group, the airlines owner HNA Group and the sovereign wealth fund China Investment Corp, lifting the hotel chain almost 3 per cent.

Households are bingeing on cheap credit cards and personal loans at the fastest rate since before the financial crisis, according to the Bank of England.

 BHP Billiton faces a multi-billion-pound fine after the fatal Brazilian mine disaster earlier this month.

In the old hutong markets of Beijing, an aroma of sugary treats fills the air.

Will there be a Santa Rally this year?

The embattled boss of Aberdeen Asset Management has insisted the emerging market specialist is not up for sale as it continued to haemorrhage money from nervous investors.

 Shares in struggling French Connection soared 27 per cent on the back of strong sales of knitwear, denim and sparkly party dresses, and a windfall for ditching a high-profile shop.

The weak euro and low oil prices could mean your Christmas tree will be cheaper this year.

Virgin Media’s boss has hit out at the Government’s £1.6bn broadband scheme that it claims will bring BT a windfall of hundreds of millions of pounds.

A group of Chinese investment firms has bought a 13 per cent stake in the company that owns Manchester City for £262million it was revealed today.

All of Britain's biggest banks are currently strong enough to survive another recession or major financial shock, a report from the Bank of England revealed today.

 Shares in Homebase-owner Home Retail Group jumped higher today on reports that private equity and retail turnaround specialist, Nicholas Marshall has been eyeing the home improvement chain.

17.10 (close):The Footsie closed higher, lifted by bank stocks which jumped after clearing the latest Bank of England stress tests.

 A former London-based branch of a South African bank will pay £22m to settle bribery allegations as part of the UK’s first ever deferred prosecution agreement (DPA).

17.10 (close):The Footsie closed higher, lifted by bank stocks which jumped after clearing the latest Bank of England stress tests.

Ofcom has warned that BT could be split from its subsidiary which builds the infrastructure connecting people to the internet.

Topps Tiles has unveiled record annual revenues of £212.2million after sales at stores open at least a year jumped 5.4 per cent.

Filming James Bond’s latest adventure Spectre, starring Daniel Craig as 007, and Star Wars: The Force Awakens at Pinewood Studios helped the British film specialist report a 13.2 per cent jump in half year profit.

The management merry-go-round at the top of struggling mobile payments specialist Monitise continued yesterday as chief financial officer Brad Petzer announced he was leaving.

A sudden surge of buying activity in Drax helped the oversold FTSE 250 power station operator rocket to 265p before closing 28p or 12 per cent up at 253.1p.

Trading at Alton Towers remains 'significantly below' levels seen a year earlier following a roller- coaster crash in June which left four teenagers seriously injured.

Supermarkets group William Morrison is again facing the possibility of dropping out of the FTSE 100 index after the latest indices review, due this week, having only been saved from ignominious demotion by a late plunge from engineer Weir Group last time out.

 More trouble could be in store for beleaguered buy-to-let landlords after an official warned today that the Bank of England could take action to limit the market's growth after a sharp increase in the number of properties acquired by investors.

17.15 (close):The London market broke through the psychologically-important 6400 mark, aided by strong performances from drug and travel stocks.

Ofcom has warned that BT could be split from its subsidiary which builds the infrastructure connecting people to the internet.

Property website Zoopla saw its shares rise in morning trade after the group posted better than expected full year earnings despite being dealt a blow by the launch of rival website OnTheMarket.

European stocks bounded higher and the euro fell this morning after eurozone November inflation data missed forecasts maintaining expectations the ECB will ease monetary policy tomorrow.

Pubs operator and brewer Greene King has seen its first half pretax profits jump nearly 50 per cent to £121.3million, boosted by the £774million acquisition of Spirit Pub Co. in June this year.

17.15 (close):The London market broke through the psychologically-important 6400 mark, aided by strong performances from drug and travel stocks.

Oil has crashed to its lowest level since the financial crisis.

Sterling tumbled to a seven-and-a-half-month low against the US dollar last night after the worst month for British housebuilders for more than two years hit the wider construction industry.

Barclays has rushed to impose stricter affordability checks on aspiring buy-to-let landlords ahead of the Chancellor’s tax squeeze.

The founder of comparison website Moneysupermarket has joined the UK’s elite ‘billionaires’ club’.

As chief executive of Centrica, owner of British Gas, Iain Conn recognises the scale and the sensitivity of the job ahead of him.

Star fund manager Neil Woodford is estimated to have lost around £38.5million from a failed investment in a controversial US firm.

The City’s top fund manager, Neil Woodford, is in need of a fillip.

The US Federal Reserve last night hinted it was ready to raise interest rates as the European Central Bank prepared to kick-start growth in the eurozone.

Roadside recovery firm RAC has got a new owner after private equity group CVC Capital Partners bought out US rival Carlyle Group.

17.20 (close):Markets fell sharply as traders were underwhelmed by efforts to kick-start spending across Europe.

Budget airline Ryanair has hailed another month of rising passengers’ numbers as it continued with its strategy to modernise aircrafts and improvec ustomer service.

Peroni, Grolsch and London's Meantime brewery could all be sold as beer giant Anheuser-Busch InBev looks to side step competition concerns over its £71billion takeover of FTSE-listed SABMiller.

Barclays has agreed to sell its Italian branches as part of plans to revamp its continental European retail banking operations and focus on its core business under new boss Jes Staley.

17.20 (close):Markets fell sharply as traders were underwhelmed by efforts to kick-start spending across Europe.

Banks are facing their ‘Uber’ moment as up to half of jobs could be replaced by technology in the next decade, the former boss of Barclays has warned.

A quiet revolution is taking place on the High Street.

European Central Bank chief Mario Draghi was last night accused of ‘over-promising and under-delivering’ after his plans to kick-start the flagging eurozone economy fell flat.

Debenhams shares plunged nearly 7 per cent yesterday after experts warned that customers are shopping on its website instead of in its stores – ‘cannibalising’ sales rather than adding to them.

Star fund manager Neil Woodford has launched a defence of his punt on a US biotech firm that is estimated to have lost his investors £38million.

France's ‘moribund’ economy has slowed even further in the aftermath of the terrorist atrocities in Paris.

The financial-services sector had its biggest tax bill since 2007 last year, and contributed one ninth of all taxes collected.

Britain's economy has picked up pace after a summer slowdown – but the recovery is heavily reliant on the services sector, a report showed yesterday.

17.25 (close):The London market ended lower today, as traders reacted to strong jobs data from the US and continued to feel underwhelmed by measures to boost spending across Europe.

Berkeley shares climbed steeply today after the blue chip housebuilder announced plans to hike its forward dividend policy, while its chairman warned over the impact of the buy-to-let stamp duty hike.

Pubs chain JD Wetherspoon has revealed that computer hackers stole card data from 100 of its customers in a cyber attack that took place in June, but it saw no TalkTalk panic as its shares rose.

17.25 (close):The London market ended lower today, as traders reacted to strong jobs data from the US and continued to feel underwhelmed by measures to boost spending across Europe.

A Federal Reserve interest rate hike in December looks increasingly likely after a strong nonfarm payrolls figure for November confirmed the underlying strength of the US economy.

The Paris terror attacks and a slowing UK economic revival could hit Costa Coffee and Premier Inn-owner Whitbread.

 Oil majors sprang a leak but airlines flew higher after Middle East oil cartel Opec failed to slash production.

 America is poised to raise interest rates for the first time in almost a decade after posting another set of solid jobs figures.

 Managing public relations for football’s scandal-hit governing body Fifa might not sound like the most relaxing of jobs.

 George Osborne’s decision to levy higher taxes on buy-to-let landlords and second homes puts his own housebuilding programme at risk, Berkeley Homes’ founder-chairman has said.

Mining giant Anglo American is expected to say it will cut its dividend this week as commodity prices continue to fall.

 More than 50 banks which helped American clients dodge tax in Swiss bank accounts have received immunity from criminal prosecution in the US.

Thousands of steelworkers have been given fresh hope as Tata closes in on a deal to secure the future of its Scunthorpe plant and other smaller ones around the country.

CLOSE:The FTSE 100 surrendered its earlier gains and ended lower today, with commodity shares coming under severe pressure after prices of crude oil and metals slipped.

Britain's manufacturing sector is set for a disappointing end to the year amid 'gathering gloom' from the global economy, new research suggested today, with a production decline forecast for 2015.

Budget airline Monarch has returned to profit for the first time in three years, with full-year earnings expected to be in the region of £40million, compared to a £90million loss the previous year.

Serco shares took a tumble today after the outsourcing firm warned its revenue and trading profit will fall in 2016, due to the sale of its offshore call centre business and a number of lost contracts.

 Online white goods retailer AO World, which sells everything from washing machines and fridges to ovens and vacuum cleaners, has a fan in New York.

 The woman in charge of transforming a key part of Tesco’s troubled business has quit less than 12 months after taking up the role.

 Cyber security experts can earn five-figure sums a day as worried businesses bolster their defences against attack, according to a report.

The price of oil tumbled to near seven-year lows, ensuring petrol prices below £1 a litre will be a near certainty across Britain in time for the great Christmas getaway.

As thousands of households count the cost of Storm Desmond, insurance companies are braced for a huge claims bill.

17.10 (close):Stock markets worldwide dived into the red amid a commodity price rout that saw the cost of oil touch below 40 US dollars a barrel for the first time since February 2009.

 Shares in Serco dropped nearly 4.5 per cent yesterday after it predicted profits will almost halve in 2016.

Anglo American shares dropped 8 per cent today after the miner said it will suspend dividends, sell assets, cut jobs and halve the number of its businesses in the face of severe commodity price falls.

17.10 (close):Stock markets worldwide dived into the red amid a commodity price rout that saw the cost of oil touch below 40 US dollars a barrel for the first time since February 2009.

‘People do stupid things with their money,’ says Professor Shlomo Benartzi.

Anglo American is the latest FTSE 100 giant to suspend its dividend, following hot on the heels of energy firm Centrica and commodity trader Glencore.

Boeing has rolled out the first of its new generation 737 MAX passenger jets from the factory after years of development and testing, writes Ben Griffiths.

Mergers and acquisitions in Britain have still not bounced back to their pre-financial crisis levels – but the value of the deals is up nearly a quarter from last year, figures show.

Entertainment One rebounded by 11 per cent today after the Peppa Pig owner confirmed that it continues to trade in line with full year expectations, as it responded to a recent slide in its shares.

Buyers are hoping for an exciting ride after climbing aboard Challenger Acquisitions.

Blue chip miner Anglo American's stock dropped to another record low today, as brokers cut their ratings for the company after the decision to suspend dividends and restructure its business.

17.05 (close):London's FTSE 100 Index enjoyed calmer trading as oil prices bounced back and under-pressure mining stocks staged a late session recovery.

Shares in train and bus operator Stagecoach plunged 14 per cent today after the company revealed that its full year earnings and revenue will take a hit following the terror attacks in Paris.

Ashtead Group saw its shares soar today after the equipment hire company raised its annual earnings forecast as it posted a 20 per cent rise in pretax profit in the first half of its financial year.

17.05 (close):London's FTSE 100 Index enjoyed calmer trading as oil prices bounced back and under-pressure mining stocks staged a late session recovery.

Investors continued to check out of Burberry as Britain’s biggest luxury brand felt the lingering effects of a damning broker note warning that the business was ‘approaching maturity’.

Half of Lloyds’ staff still feel under pressure to ‘push’ products to customers, according to a trade union.

Star fund manager Neil Woodford has dumped his remaining shares in engineering giant Rolls-Royce after losing confidence in the engine-maker’s business model.

A former Tory MP who became the mouthpiece for Britain’s biggest banks during the financial crisis has been put in charge of making tax bills simpler.

House of Fraser saw strong sales from its department stores on Black Friday despite rivals seeing shoppers move online, writes Rupert Steiner.

The Government’s pledge to build a Northern Powerhouse travelled to the railway industry yesterday with a £1.2billion boost.

Frazer Thompson pulls out his business card as we chat over a drink at the headquarters of English winemaker Chapel Down in the heart of the Kent countryside.

17.15 (close):Retailer Sports Direct led the sixth day of declines on the FTSE 100 Index as the sportswear chain disappointed investors with lower-than-expected half-year sales.

Ocado saw another quarter of rising sales in an increasingly competitive grocery market, but there was a slowing from the previous quarter, and a lack of news on an overseas deal also disappointed.

The turnaround at English leather label Mulberry appears to be taking shape as the handbag specialist today reported a 5 per cent rise in its current sales as it posted a small half year profit.

British Gas owner Centrica has seen its shares spike today after confirming earnings were firmly on track despite tumbling energy and commodity prices.

Thousands of savers who helped rescue Lloyds during the financial crisis will be stripped of their income after losing a bruising court battle.

This morning Mike Ashley is nursing a paper loss of £224million after shares in Sports Direct plunged.

Costa Coffee owner Whitbread saw a slowdown in sales growth over the third quarter as fewer people went on shopping trips, writes Rupert Steiner.

Newbury-based Micro Focus International was one UK software group that did not get swallowed by a hungry foreign predator.

Close:Investors hoping for a Santa Rally were dealt a cruel blow as the stock market slumped more than 2 per cent today.

Bellway shares jumped higher today after the housebuilder unveiled some ambitious sales targets for the year ahead, although it came as official data showed a slowing in UK construction output.

Peppa Pig ownerEntertainment Onehad the very definition of ‘a week of two halves’.

Doorstep lender International Personal Finance shed a quarter of its value today after it warned it could be hit by new consumer laws in Slovakia.

DuPont and Dow Chemical, which both have operations in the UK, have agreed to merge in a deal valuing the enlarged firm at £85billion.

The FTSE 100 index crashed back below the 6000 mark last night as mining stocks and companies focused on South Africa were hammered.

The oil price has come crashing down to a six-year low and taken with it the dividends of several major firms and commodity prices.

Traders switched on to talk that Rupert Murdoch’s 21st Century Fox is rekindling its interest in taking control of satellite broadcaster Sky.

German Chancellor Angela Merkel may have been named ‘person of the year’ by Time Magazine but for anyone with an eye on their mortgage or savings the woman of the moment is Janet Yellen.

The current year is proving enormous for takeovers and mergers with the proposed mega chemical deal between Du Pont and Dow bringing the total up to a record $4.7trillion (£3.1trillion).

The publisher of the Guardian newspaper is drawing up plans to axe jobs and slash spending as it heads for another annual loss of about £40million.

Acquisition vehicle Levrett will join the stock market next week with a view to taking over pharmaceutical and biotech companies.

Looking for a hotel conveniently situated in the centre of town?

Taxpayer-owned Royal Bank of Scotland is facing fresh embarrassment and a possible probe by the City regulator after failing to properly inform customers about their dormant bank accounts.

The UK government is considering nationalising the nuclear submarine business of Rolls-Royce, a report in the press suggests.

  17.20:The FTSE 100 closed down 78.72 points amid jitters about the oil price and the pending Federal Reserve decision on whether to raise US interest rates.

 Energy giant Shell's multi billion pound deal to buy oil and gas firm BG Group is set to lead to 2,800 job losses.

Deputy Bank of England Governor Minouche Shafik has stated that she will not vote for a rate rise until there is evidence that workers pay is rising consistent with target inflation.

Royal Bank of Scotland has received takeover approaches for its Williams & Glyn banking arm, according to speculation yesterday.

Paul Walsh, the former boss of Guinness owner Diageo, has teamed up with private equity firm TPG Capital in an attempt to snap up the Peroni and Grolsch beer brands.

Astrazeneca took another step in its drive to fight off a threat from copy-cat drug makers yesterday by revealing talks about a potential £3.3billion deal with a Dutch-US cancer drug firm.

Shell is poised to slash more jobs and cut spending to complete its £35billion takeover of rival BG Group, as the oil price plummets close to a decade low.

Britain’s biggest shoe seller Kurt Geiger has been sold for £245million and now has its fifth owner in 10 years, writes Rupert Steiner.

Ryanair has become involved in the scrutiny of a ‘letterbox company’.

Aggreko has withdrawn its tender to provide generators for the Rio 2016 Olympics.

Britain's first official astronaut will today blast off into space, taking with him the imagination and hopes of a nation – not to mention the expectations of UK industry.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 143.73 points at 6017.79 as the oil price moved back above $38 and markets braced for the US Federal Reserve decision on interest rates.

Here’s the big picture.

Carpetright has seen its shares push higher in early trading after the floor coverings retail giant posted a jump in half year profits, amid further signs that its turnaround strategy is paying off.

Tech mid cap Aveva has called off its tie-up with France's Schneider Electric after the due diligence process revealed that the complex merger was too challenging for both parties.

Eleven of us are crammed around a wooden table in a stuffy room on the second floor of a block of flats.

On a drizzly day in March, Britain’s most famous fund manager leaned pensively across the table in a conference room in his unassuming offices.

Starbucks paid as much UK tax during 2015 as it did in the previous 14 years.

There was no festive cheer for Aveva’s shareholders as shares of the Cambridge-based computer software and services group crashed on shock news that merger discussions with Schneider Electric have terminated by mutual consent.

ImaginationTechnologies has issued a fresh profit warning, causing its shares to slide nearly 11 per cent.

Scrooge banks and building societies are dishing out rate cuts to loyal savers in the run-up to Christmas.

TalkTalk chief executive Dido Harding still refuses to apologise for financial losses caused to her customers following a cyber attack which saw 157,000 customer’s details stolen by online criminals.

Banks in Britain are hardy enough to withstand economic downturns like the 2008 crisis, and would not now follow in the footsteps of HBOS, according to the Bank of England.

Britain’s biggest supermarkets have seen their takings at the till fall by half a million pounds in the run up to Christmas, latest research shows.

It Is safe to say that British savers and borrowers are not normally gripped by the doings of the US Federal Reserve.

In a bid to revive its fortunes, embattled engineering firm Rolls-Royce has confirmed plans to axe two of its divisions and shake-up management in the latest moves after a spate of profit warnings.

Taxpayer-owned Royal Bank of Scotland has confirmed it is putting its Williams & Glyn banking arm up for sale after receiving approaches from a number of potential buyers.

 17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 43.40 points at 6061.19, as the mood among traders remained upbeat ahead of the US's Fed's widely predicted hike in interest rates later.

US Federal Reserve officials have raised interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade - a decision that confirms the world's largest economy is back in rude health.

Mark Neale, the founder of Mountain Warehouse, is emitting strange sounds.

Domino's yesterday confirmed a £33million deal to create Germany’s largest pizza delivery outfit.

Ever since September’s second earnings alert in three months, dealers have expected a cash-rich predator to park its tanks on the Merseyside lawns of Speedy Hire, the provider of tools and equipment for hire.

Drugmaker AstraZeneca was boosted by a double dose of Asian news as it agreed to buy a Japanese respiratory business and unveiled plans to spend $800million(£533million) on its Chinese operations.

SHARES in Bonmarche collapsed by nearly a third after a profit warning and news of the departure of boss Beth Butterwick.

A senior MP has questioned the Chancellor’s decision to sell tens of thousands of former Northern Rock mortgages to a secretive US private equity firm.

Shares across Europe have surged after the Federal Reserve last night raised interest rates in the United States for the first time in nearly a decade.

 17.15:The FTSE 100 closed up 41.35 points at 6102.54 as global markets digested the US Fed's move to raise interest rates yesterday.

An improvement in exports helped UK factory orders hit a three-month high this month, an industry survey said, although manufacturers still expect output to edge down over the next three months.

Peppa Pig and Stephen Spielberg may seem like an unlikely duo, but children’s cartoon owner Entertainment One and the Hollywood director are combining powers to create a new film and TV company.

Companies raised less money on the London Stock Exchange over the past 11 months, with the number of new listings declining, although the firm still hailed a good performance across all its units.

European stock markets rallied yesterday as the first interest rate rise in the United States for nearly a decade was seen as a vote of confidence in the world’s biggest economy.

Pharmaceuticals giant AstraZeneca has unveiled its third deal in as many weeks as Pascal Soriot races to restock the medicine cabinet before key drugs lose patent protection.

Travel and hotel bookings in Paris are down by nearly a third since the terror attacks in the city last month, tourism experts revealed yesterday.

Ted Baker is a company that prides itself in making slick-looking designer clothing, writes Emily Davies.

Holidays in the United States may be getting more expensive following the first rate rise by the Federal Reserve for nearly a decade.

Publication of an independent report into allegations that Royal Bank of Scotland ‘killed off’ struggling businesses to boost its profits has been delayed until next year.

Mark Carney has refused to rule out serving a full eight-year term as governor of the Bank of England, saying he has ‘so much more to do’.

Accounting firm KPMG has announced a boost in revenues driven by its tax and auditing services, writes Emily Davies.

From hero to zero.

Serial director Sir Nigel Rudd is to stand down as chairman of Heathrow in September after nine years and three terms.

 17.20:The FTSE 100 closed down 50.12 points at 6052.42 as the upbeat response to this week's US rate hike began to diminish.

Shares in stockbrokerWH Irelandslumped this morning after it cautioned that a substantial fine from City regulator FCA is likely.

Defence giant BAE Systems has kick-started construction of an extension to its manufacturing site for the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter in Lancashire as it prepares to ramp up production of the combat jet.

Shares in Smith & Nephew (S&N) perked up yesterday on talk that US rival Stryker was planning a £12.1billion bid for the artificial hip maker.

Mark Carney stands to earn £7million if he serves a full eight-year term as Governor of the Bank of England.

Rolls-Royce boss Warren East has put his money where his mouth is – by investing £100,000 of his own cash in the business.

Shares in Smith & Nephew (S&N) perked up yesterday on talk that US rival Stryker was planning a £12.1billion bid for the artificial hip maker.

Palm oil producers are widely pilloried for causing environmental damage, particularly in Indonesia and Malaysia, where most of the world's palm oil originates.

Small companies taking out loans are being charged interest rates as high as 90 per cent, say campaigners who are demanding a change in legislation to force lenders to come clean over costs.

Massive investment in new computer systems coupled with disappointing sales in Asia have made losses double at the Queen's wine merchants Berry Bros & Rudd.

Unusually mild weather coupled with fears in the wake of the Paris terrorist attacks have put the skids under ice rink takings, operators claim.

PimlicoPlumbers, the UK's biggest plumbing company, has said that homeowners taking advantage of the Government's relaxation of planning laws have helped it to a record six months' sales.

The private equity firms behind one of the biggest pre-credit crunch deals – the merger of Saga and the AA – have shared a £1.7 billion payout, the first since the 2007 deal.

Top executives from US media giant Comcast have met bosses at ITV and are believed to be considering an £11 billion bid for the British broadcaster, sending its shares 4 per cent higher today.

Official figures will confirm this week that the UK economy grew by 0.5 per cent in the third quarter of 2015 as hopes rise that there has been sharp rise in the last quarter.

More than a quarter of British businesses expect an increase in fraud in the run-up to Christmas.

Sales at fine jewellery shop Annoushka have sparkled this festive season after its growing popularity in the US contributed to a 57 per cent surge in online sales.

Britain’s struggling steel industry faces ‘terminal decline’ and ministers were asleep on the job as it plunged into crisis, according to a damning report by MPs.

Drug giant Shire is planning to sweeten its £20billion offer for Baxalta as it battles for control of its American rival.

Close:The FTSE 100 lost its earlier gains to slide into the red again as the oil price slipped once more.

Tiffany’s!

City regulators were last night accused of sweeping the scandal of the Bradford & Bingley collapse under the carpet because of their refusal to launch an investigation into the lender’s downfall.

Life has just become sweeter for Jamie Laing – star of reality TV show Made In Chelsea and heir to the McVitie’s biscuit fortune.

Tumbling oil prices and shareholder discontent have not prevented Royal Dutch Shell’s £40billion takeover of BG Group entering the final stages.

Millions of families will tune in to ITV for the final episode of Downton Abbey on Christmas Day with Jim Carter, who has played Carson the butler since the show began, warning viewers it will be a real tear-jerker.

Shares in the company formerly known as Quindell rocketed yesterday as the group, newly named Watchstone, began trading again.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 48.26 points at 6083.10, although trading was light as market activity started to wind down ahead of the Christmas break.

British consumer morale this month edged up from November's six-month low, but households still have fears about the wider economic picture, according to a report from market research firm GfK.

 In a glimmer of light for the hard pressed industry, Tata Steel has said it is in talks with private equity firm Greybull Capital over the sale of its troubled Long Products business in Britain and France.

MPs are to probe the impact of new rules that force small firms to enrol workers into a pension.

On Christmas Day last year, multi-millionaire Jon Moulton was celebrating with his wife Pauline at home in Guernsey when he heard that a firm in his private equity empire had collapsed.

George Osborne has hailed the success of the British film industry this year, after movies such as Suffragette starring Carey Mulligan, helped to boost the economy.

This could turn out be one of the worst Christmas trading periods for the High Street, with analysts fearing the worst and ready to slash profit forecasts for this year and next.

The death toll following the collapse of a dam at a mine controlled by BHP Billiton and Brazil’s Vale has risen to 17 with two still missing.

Investment bankers and advisers will cash in on a multi-million-pound fee bonanza from Royal Dutch Shell’s £36billion takeover of BG Group.

Curbs on pension benefits for higher earners could hasten the demise of final-salary schemes and prompt firms to slash benefits for all employees, a report has warned.

Shares in the African budget airline Fastjet nosedived yesterday after it blamed elections in Tanzania for weak ticket sales.

Leading deals on easy-access accounts have been disappearing fast.

 The FTSE 100 closed up 157.88 points at 6240.98, as oil and other commodity prices staged a recovery on the back of China's announcement of fresh stimulus measures.

Game Digital has become an early Christmas casualty on the High Street after it warned today that profits would be hit by underwhelming sales of computer games and consoles.

A long-awaited Santa rally has finally arrived as the UK's leading stock market pushed up over 150 points yesterday and banished some of the Scrooge slump that has plagued the market over the past 24 days.

The number of independent production companies in the UK has halved in 15 years with most larger television firms now owned by foreign corporations, a watchdog has said.

Game Digital became the latest retailer to feel a winter chill yesterday as its shares plunged 40 per cent following a profit warning.

Shares in Panmure Gordon, the 223-year-old institutional broker and investment bank, crashed 20 per cent after warning it will swing to a full-year loss of £4million-£4.5million, compared with a profit of £2.15million last year.

Consumers are paying higher electricity bills due to EU climate policies, experts have warned.

Low-cost Africa-focused airline Fastjet has got the go-ahead to launch flights into Kenya.

Location, Location, Location presenter Kirsty Allsopp makes an eleventh-hour plea to the Government to leave the Terms of Trade untouched or risk putting independent TV production companies out of business.

The wife of the billionaire founder of Metro Bank has been paid almost £12million to design its branches.

Two emerald green cans of olive oil have been placed on the floor of Michael Ward’s plain white and glass corner office.

Speculation is rife that Royal Mail’s chief executive Moya Greene will soon deliver the national carrier’s first major acquisition since its controversial flotation, at an undervalued 330p, in October 2013.

Manufacturing giant Rolls-Royce is riddled with inefficiency and bureaucracy, according to its new boss.

CLOSE:The Footsie ended in positive territory on the final trading session before its close for the Christmas holidays, although the gains were a lot less than the previous day’s strong Santa rally.

 Investment bankers will be tucking into their turkey with particular gusto after a record year for mergers and takeovers triggered a £9billion fee bonanza.

Former Tesco chief executive Sir Terry Leahy is ploughing into the crowdfunding market following the successful launch of his first money raising this month.

Lingerie retailer Ann Summers bounced back into the black this year helped by The Only Way Is Essex stars Sam Faiers and Jessica Wright.

Banks are facing a serious threat from internet payment systems such as Paypal, Nutmeg and even Bitcoin, warns top accountant EY.

Britain's housebuilders were the soaraway winners on the London stock market last year jumping in value by more than £8.7 billion.

The aristocratic family behind the Howard de Walden Estate took an £18 million payout from their Marylebone property empire last year – sharply down on the £31 million paid out in 2013.

As consumers and retailers continue to adapt to the changing patterns of shopping, the build-up to Christmas was one of the hardest to read in years.

Private equity tycoon Guy Hands has sold properties worth £20million through his Four Seasons Health Care chain to pay down debt.

A raft of blockbuster movies including Star Wars: The Force Awakens, Inside Out and Avengers: Age Of Ultron, triggered a £30million pay package for the boss of Disney.

Britain's struggling retailers were engulfed in post-Christmas gloom as figures showed a disappointing day at the tills yesterday.

England's glorious south coast from Corfe Castle to the Isle of Wight is rapidly becoming familiar territory for an increasing number of future airline pilots.

The rout in oil prices has forced Saudi Arabia to deliver the largest budget deficit in its history.

Billions of pounds of corrupt funds are pouring into the UK every year through the purchase of luxury cars, jewellery, watches, art and antiques, a report says.

BT has retreated from plans to allow customers to contact its broadband division directly, after rivals expressed their fears.

Deutsche Bank has agreed to sell its entire stake in Chinese lender Hua Xia in a deal worth up to £2.7billion as it attempts to shore up its finances.

Bosses at the Co-op Group face a bruising court battle with a whistleblower who claims she was sacked after raising the alarm about corruption at the troubled mutual.

Motor vehicles, aerospace and the rejuvenation of pharmaceuticals provide considerable reasons for optimism next year, according to a leading business group.

 17.20:The FTSE 100 closed up 59.93 points at 6314.57, although trading volumes were thin midway during the festive break.

 Britain's FTSE 100 investors will be all too aware that 2015 has been a turbulent year for the London-based index and wider markets across the world.

Insurance giants have taken a hit on the London stock market amid fears from investors that the industry faces a claims bill of up to £1.5billion to cover the damage caused by this month's devastating floods.

17:00: The FTSE-100 index at the close was down 40.52 at 6274.05.

Mobile phone giant Vodafone, 1.25p easier at 217.5p, has been involved in a couple of the biggest deals in corporate history, including its £116billion purchase of Germany’s Mannesmann in 1999 and the £88billion sale of its stake in Verizon to Verizon Wireless in 2014.

Embattled Rolls-Royce is to meet a number of MPs in the New Year, amid concerns the FTSE 100-listed aero-engine maker could slash jobs as part of a turnaround plan by Warren East, its new chief exective.

Troubled Indian drinks group United Spirits is set to take a ‘sickie’ to oust its entrepreneur chairman Vijay Mallya, it emerged yesterday.

Robert Shiller is the ordinary citizen’s economist.

Shares in the Asia-focused banking sector fell yesterday amid talk that China’s central bank suspended at least three overseas banks from foreign exchange business.

Facebook has vowed to fight legal action by investors who say they lost money in its controversial £10billion flotation.

A surge in internet shopping boosted festive sales figures for online retailers, but traditional high street names could suffer.

 Chancellor George Osborne has announced a review of all selling practices at airport shops to ensure passengers receive the correct VAT savings before jetting off on holiday or business.

Bank bosses were let off the hook by the City regulator today after it ditched its probe into banking culture, prompted by Libor rate-rigging and other scandals.

Close:The Footsie ended 2015 with a whimper rather than a bang as the UK benchmark index closed its half-day New Year’s Eve trading near session lows under pressure again from weak oil prices, with Brent crude holding around 11 year lows below $37 a barrel.

Brent crude managed a feeble rise yesterday but still finished the month down 17 per cent.

The limit covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme today falls to £75,000.

To use a football cliché, 2015 was a dramatic year of two halves.

For many dealers it was a wasted journey into the City on half-empty trains, just for a half-day session.

Ocado shares fell for the third day in a row because of fears over plans by Amazon to ramp up competition against the online grocery retailer.

China’s stuttering economy started the year on the back foot as the country’s manufacturers suffered another month of decline.

The warm winter weather, floods and terrorism are likely to figure among the excuses wheeled out by Marks & Spencer to explain a dire festive update.

British holidaymakers heading across the Atlantic face higher prices as the pound tumbles against the US dollar, according to experts.

Three high stakes small-cap stocks that performed poorly against the backdrop of a rather choppy year for the equity markets dragged down the Mail's model portfolio.

The world oil price should bottom out early this year, the boss of BP said today, as he admitted the Deepwater spill disaster nearly crippled the oil giant.

Southeastern trains, which runs passenger services from London to Kent and East Sussex, has seen its turnover and profits rise even though its train performance figures are below the national average.

A4E, the welfare-to-work agency rocked by fraud allegations which led to the resignation of its founder and chairwoman Emma Harrison in 2012, saw turnover fall but profits quadruple last year.

Charities supported by the Prince of Wales were boosted by £3million last year thanks to sales of Duchy Originals products.

Pressure is mounting on the boss of Marks & Spencer with the City braced for another set of grim Christmas figures this week as it emerged the head of its new loyalty card had been fired.

17.20:The FTSE 100 shed 2 per cent of its value today, closing 148.89 points lower at 6093.43 after weak Chinese factory data set off a wave of selling across global markets.

The start of trading for 2016 was as bad as the finish to 2015, with the Footsie joining US and European markets in the red after fresh market turmoil in China.

UK manufacturing ended 2015 on a downer and left little hope for a reversal of fortunes in the New Year as growth in the sector slowed and undershot economists' expectations for December.

Britain is set to take another hit from the three storms that wrecked businesses and left family homes destroyed in December, as the estimated economic impact of the damage has been raised to between £2billion and £2.8billion by PwC.

If investors want to see how music has moved on then trawl YouTube for a video by the French electronic music producer Madeon.

Residential landlord group Grainger is selling its retirement division to private equity firms in a £325million deal.

Royal Dutch Shell’s finance boss Simon Henry has just returned from the ski slopes.

The finance boss of Shell has warned the price of oil could fall to $20 a barrel within weeks but has defended its £36billion takeover of BG Group as a long-term deal.

The Priory rehab clinic has been sold to a US mental healthcare chain.

Population analytics firm Trendit became the first firm this year to float on the London Stock Exchange, and got off to a promising start.

Investors endured a torrid start to the year as concerns over the slowdown in China spooked financial markets around the world.

Guinness is one of the most recognised stouts in the world.

China's economic woes could ‘spook’ the financial markets again this year, the International Monetary Fund warned last night.

High street clothes chain Next blamed warm weather for a sub par performance in the run-up to Christmas as it posted a fall in store sales and sharp slowdown in its Directory business.

Britain's second biggest supermarket chain Sainsbury's has confirmed it made a bid approach for Home Retail Group which was rejected, sending the Argos owner's shares soaring 36 per cent.

Europe's travel sector looks set for more consolidation as Kuoni confirmed today it has attracted some tentative offers as the battle to take over the 110-year old Swiss firm rumbles on.

17.15 (close):Trading on the London market was dominated by Sainsbury's bid approach for £1billion-rated Argos owner Home Retail Group.

Harvey Nichols’ boss Stacey Cartwright has her work cut out at the upmarket department store after profit plunged 30 per cent.

Argos owner Home Retail Group is facing a shareholder revolt after it dismissed a £1billion approach from Sainsbury’s.

A major renewable energy investor has turned to France after the UK government announced cuts to renewable energy subsidies.

High-flyers at one of Europe’s biggest hedge funds earned an average of £3.3million each last year, according to company filings.

Lord Heseltine’s publishing company has slumped into the red amid a fall in sales and a ‘volatile’ advertising climate.

People flying home from Britain to visit family in Eastern Europe for Christmas helped boost passenger numbers for Hungarian airline Wizz Air.

 A European competition watchdog is probing the Government’s funding to convert a coal power station to biomass.

Shoot first ask questions later might sound like a quote from a Western movie.

Aberdeen Asset Management had a difficult time in 2015 as it haemorrhaged billions of pounds worth of funds because of the turmoil in emerging markets.

Sterling plunged to a nine-month low against the US dollar last night and extended those falls today to take it close to levels not seen since David Cameron took office nearly six years ago.

Global stock markets swung violently again today, giving back yesterday's modest rally after a slump on Monday amid worries over China, a slump in oil prices and a nuclear test in North Korea.

17.10 (close):The troubled start to the new year continued as global markets tumbled amid oil prices slumping to new 11-year lows.

Growth in Britain's dominant services sector slowed slightly in December, adding to suggestions the UK economy expanded only modestly in the closing stages of last year.

Oil prices dropped to their lowest level for 11 years today amid mounting tensions in the Middle East, adding to the already intense pressure on stock markets in the early days of 2016.

17.10 (close):The troubled start to the new year continued as global markets tumbled amid oil prices slumping to new 11-year lows.

The Treasury is putting out feelers to sell the £17bilion loan book of former mortgage lender Bradford & Bingley, in what would be the biggest ever sale of financial assets by a European government.

Sainsbury's £1billion attempt to snap up Home Retail Group could see as many as one in four Argos stores wiped from the High Street, writes Rupert Steiner.

Shares of Imperial Tobacco were puffed 63.5p higher to 3602.5p on revived takeover talk.

The FTSE 100 index took another tumble today, closing 119 points down at 5,954 - a fall of 2 per cent after trading on the Chinese stock market was halted again overnight.

Oil tumbled to its lowest level for nearly 12 years last night, raising the prospect of further falls in fuel prices on British forecourts.

Marks & Spencer chief Marc Bolland is to exit the High Street giant after a six year battle to try and save the under fire retailer as the group today posted a dismal Christmas trading update.

17.05 (close):London's blue chip share index saw almost £31billion wiped off its value amid a global markets rout sparked by trading turmoil in China and plunging oil prices.

As if Sainsbury’s chief executive Mike Coupe did not have enough to worry about, what with growing competition from German discounters Aldi and Lidl who recently achieved a combined 10pc share of the British grocery market for the first time.

Discount retailer Poundland became the latest Christmas casualty as consumers deserted the high street in favour of online shopping, leading to 'disappointing' sales and a cut to profit expectations.

17.05 (close):London's blue chip share index saw almost £31billion wiped off its value amid a global markets rout sparked by trading turmoil in China and plunging oil prices.

Lloyds is under investigation by a City watchdog over claims that Government bond prices were manipulated by a trader at the bank, which is part-owned by the taxpayer.

Housebuilder Persimmon reported a 13 per cent rise in revenues as it built more homes and sold them for higher prices.

Marc Bolland’s surprise exit from Marks and Spencer could trigger the departure of two of his most prominent female executives and a boardroom reshuffle.

An influential shareholder group is expected to support oil giant Royal Dutch Shell’s £36billion bid for gas specialist BG Group.

There are plenty of shoppers in the womenswear department at the giant M&S store in Croydon, South London.

Billionaire financier George Soros should really put a sock in it – hard-pressed City dealers needed his warning that the current environment reminded him of the ‘crisis we had in 2008’ like a hole in the head.

Beijing came under fire last night after trading on the Chinese stock market was suspended for the second time in a week – after just 870 seconds of business.

Investors in Majestic Wine have something to celebrate – Christmas sales were up a sparkling 12.2 per cent.

 17.25:The FTSE 100 closed down 41.64 points at 5912.44 after the price of Brent crude fell to $33 a barrel, dragging resource stocks into the red.

The pound slid to its lowest level against the US dollar since the 2010 General Election yesterday, as shares sank further into the red to end a terrible first week of the year for investors.

Britain's trade deficit with the rest of the world narrowed in November but still remained uncomfortably high as exports remained lacklustre.

Fashion website Atterley, backed by former Tesco chief executive Terry Leahy, has stopped taking orders after its parent company collapsed into administration.

As the blue-chip indices count the cost of this week’s Chinese stock market rigmarole, London’s small caps appear to have had an easier ride.

Liverpool's Royal Albert Dock has been sold by developers Arrowcroft for £43million to investor Aberdeen Asset Management.

When Neil Woodford talks, the market tends to sit up and take notice.

One of Shell’s biggest investors has opposed the oil supermajor’s multi-billion-pound bid for rival BG Group.

The woman temporarily in charge of the Financial Conduct Authority has refuted criticism that the City watchdog is 'going soft on banks'.

City experts are calling for the incoming chief executive at Marks & Spencer, Steve Rowe, to take a more revolutionary approach to turn it around after last week’s poor sales figures and the shock departure of its chief executive Marc Bolland.

Shell's £36billion offer for rival BG Group has received a boost after shareholder advisory group Glass Lewis is understood to have come out in favour ahead of the investors’ vote later this month.

The Chancellor could be forced to put back a sale of Lloyds until the summer after global turmoil in financial markets sent shares plummeting last week.

Supermarket giant Sainsbury’s has begun a charm offensive to woo its biggest shareholders as it prepares to table a formal takeover bid for Argos-owner Home Retail Group.

Global Radio, which owns stations including Capital, Heart and Classic FM, made a £35million operating profit last year, though it reported a pre-tax loss of £37million after paying interest on loans from its owners.

Investors are bracing themselves for a second week of turmoil on global stock markets after the worst ever start to the year for the FTSE 100 index.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed down 40.61 points at 5871.83 as the declining price of oil and worries about China continue to dog markets.

Housebuilder Taylor Wimpey built more homes last year than it has done in the past six years, its latest annual trading update revealed today Enjoying a 'positive housing market', Taylor Wimpey said its sales rose by 7 per cent last year, while operating profit margins increased by 20 per cent.

The guiding principles of SMARTCO Select were forged in the white heat of Sheffield’s steel industry, according to founder Charles Breese.

Drugmaker Shire has completed its six-month pursuit of US firm Baxalta International by agreeing a $32billion (£21.9billion) deal that will make it one of the world's leading rare disease specialists.

Electronics group Laird sparked interest yesterday amid rumours it could be on the radar of US rival Amphenol.

BT’s Openreach has appointed a chief executive to replace Joe Garner.

Fears that luxury brands are struggling in the face of turmoil in China and a tough Christmas season has led hedge funds to short the shares of British brand Burberry, writes Laura Chesters.

A trailblazer in the worlds of music, fashion, art and cinema, David Bowie showed in so many fields he was nothing short of a creative genius, writes Emily Davies.

Few standing in the queue of the Sainsbury’s Local in North London last November would have realised who the man clutching a bag of croissants was.

Shares in London were back in the black today after suffering the worst opening five days of a New Year ever.

Debenhams enjoyed solid sales growth over the crucial Christmas period with a strong online performance as shoppers made purchases from the comfort of their homes.

17.00: The FTSE 100 index closed 57.4 points or 1 per cent higher at 5,929.2.

Britain's fourth biggest supermarkets chain Morrison's has revealed a surprise rise in sales over the Christmas period and declared that it was 'beginning to attract customers back'.

Undercooked British manufacturing and industrial output data for November has caused the pound to fall to its lowest level against the dollar since early June 2010.

BP will slash 600 jobs from its North Sea operations over the next two years as part of wider plans to significantly reduce headcount in the wake of tumbling oil prices.

17.00: The FTSE 100 index closed 57.4 points or 1 per cent higher at 5,929.2.

Online retailers Boohoo and AO World have both posted a rise in Christmas sales, adding to what has been a solid day's trading for retailers across the board.

RBS urged investors to sell everything amid warnings that oil prices could fall to the lowest level in 17 years which may spark a meltdown as severe as the 2008 financial crisis.

Co-op customers can earn £4 a month if they choose to stop receiving paper statements.

Direct Line has become the first insurer to reveal the cost of claims after the recent flooding – and it could be up to £140million.

The dramatic rout in the price of oil has forced BP to make even deeper cuts to its global workforce, culling 4,000 jobs including more than 600 posts in its North Sea business.

Investorslooking at former takeover favourite Premier Oil’s demise have for months been asking themselves how they can avoid catching a falling knife in the hope it will rebound.

Up to 4,000 homes a day are being fitted with digital smart meters, which have to be turned off if customers want to find a cheaper deal.

Savers face a miserable start to the year as banks and building societies continue to cut rates.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 31.73 points at 5960.97 following a volatile session for London stocks and on oil markets.

Sainsbury's would take the axe to Argos if it pursues a takeover of owner Home Retail Group, the supermarket has revealed after the chain posted a better-than-expected Christmas performance today.

Oil prices are back near record lows - having staged a mini rally earlier this session - after a latest report showed that there was an abundance of the 'black gold' currently swishing around the US market.

This could be a key year for your savings.

The boss of the Daily Mail and General Trust will retire this year after seven years at the helm, it was announced yesterday.

The offices of PhotoBox, in an old factory near the Thames, are excruciatingly trendy.

The nemesis of Michael, Lord Grade is back ruffling feathers at Pinewood Studios.

Sainsbury's battle to snap up Argos took a dramatic turn last night after an Australian supermarket giant swooped on its sister company Homebase, as owner Home Retail today warned over profits.

Coin and stamp dealer Stanley Gibbons has been around since 1856 and has a royal warrant from the Queen.

American conglomerate General Electric plans to cull 6,500 jobs across Europe over the next two years including up to 570 in Britain.

Shares in luxury fashion brand Burberry rose more 4 per cent this morning after sales in mainland China picked up again, despite warning of a continuing slowdown in spending at its Hong Kong and Macau stores.

17.15 (close):The Footsie closed down as falling oil prices kept global markets under pressure, but Tesco shares surged after it revealed better-than-expected Christmas trading.

Tesco- Britain's biggest retailer - posted an unexpected sales rise over the crucial Christmas period, but it was not enough to prevent a decline over the whole third quarter.

 British billionaires the Weston's enjoyed a decent Christmas as the owners of Primark and Fortnum & Masons saw sales rise across its retail and food empire.

Essex-based housebuilder Countryside Properties is looking to benefit from the booming housing market with plans to return to the London Stock Exchange after more than 10 years of absence.

17.15 (close):The Footsie closed down as falling oil prices kept global markets under pressure, but Tesco shares surged after it revealed better-than-expected Christmas trading.

Collapsed delivery firm City Link paid nearly £350,000 in fees to a consultancy firm which is also part of tycoon Jon Moulton’s business empire just months before its demise.

The stone-faced Shell building overlooking the Thames at dawn is the grand dame of the London skyline predating the towers of Canary Wharf and the London Eye.

Drastic times calls for drastic measures.

Interest rates look set to stay at rock bottom for longer after the Bank of England warned that the British recovery is not as strong as hoped.

Five City high-fliers accused of Britain's biggest insider trading scam used codenames and encrypted software to hide their activities, a court heard yesterday.

BT has had its plans to takeover mobile phone firm EE officially approved, paving the way to bring together the UK's largest landline and mobile phone businesses.

17.15 (close):The Footsie tumbled on falling oil prices, as the UK competition watchdog approved BT's £12.5billion buyout of mobile phone firm EE.

Bovis Homes looks set to deliver a big rise in annual profits following a strong year which saw the firm sell more homes at higher prices, continuing a run of upbeat trading statements from the sector which fly in the face of some disappointing official construction output numbers also released today.

Retailer Bonmarche saw its online and stores sales fall over the key Christmas period, but overall trading was in line with expectations and shares rallied having been battered after a December alert.

The dramatic fall in oil and gas prices has the world's biggest miner, BHP Billiton to write down the value of its US shale assets by $7.2billion (£5.1billion) and to reduce its long-term price forecasts.

Retailers, and their post-Christmas numbers, have been in focus all week, big and small, so when online fashion group ASOS, the largest junior on AIM, reports, small cap investors tend to take notice.

Shares around the world plunged into the red yesterday as oil prices dropped below $30 a barrel and China’s stock market collapsed again.

Moneysupermarket.com was the biggest loser on the FTSE 250 today following a broker’s downgrade of the stock and as sales in the group’s insurance business fell sharply.

The pound has dropped to a one year low against the euro after some gloomy official data showed a slump in the construction sector towards the end of last year.

17.15 (close):The Footsie tumbled on falling oil prices, as the UK competition watchdog approved BT's £12.5billion buyout of mobile phone firm EE.

Miners led the top flight lower yesterday amid fears that sector heavyweight BHP Billiton might cut its dividend after writing down its US shale oil assets by $7.2bn.

 Two former bosses of Co-operative Bank have been banned for life from the City after it was deemed that they posed an ‘unacceptable threat’ to the future of the troubled bank.

The last time Royal Dutch Shell cut its dividend was in 1945 when the Netherlands had just endured the ‘Hunger winter’ under Nazi occupation before the end of the Second World War.

Households went on a borrowing binge in the run-up to Christmas – fuelling fears that families are falling into a trap of debt-fuelled spending.

 A key barometer of world trade has crashed to a record low in a worrying sign the global economy is grinding to a halt.

 Charges are imminent in the Serious Fraud Office investigation into Tesco, the Mail can reveal.

 BT’S multi-billion-pound takeover of mobile network EE has been approved by the competition watchdog in a deal which experts say could be lucrative for shareholders.

Britain's economy will grow faster than expected in 2016, increasing by 2.6 per cent, boosted by a sharp rise in exports to the US and buoyant retail sales, according to a new report.

Greg Knight, the boss of Britain's biggest independent betting shop chain, Jennings Racing, has backed proposals aimed at breaking the deadlock between bookies and the horse-racing industry over funding, putting pressure on the industry to make concessions.

ITV chairman Archie Norman is understood to be planning to step down from the broadcaster later this year, six years after he joined the company.

It may sound an obvious strategy, but Simon Longbottom reckons he's cracked the secret to making money in pubs.

Lord Sainsbury has emerged as a key backer for the supermarket group’s £1.2 billion bid for retail chain Argos.

Self-employed electrician Joe Jones has just endured ten months of financial hell – an experience he hopes he will never have to go through again.

Christmas shopping figures sparkled for Royal Warrant holder Asprey as it revealed retail sales were 158 per cent up on the festive period a year ago.

It was the only state-operated railway in the UK until last March, when a partnership between Stagecoach and Virgin won the franchise for the East Coast Main Line.

He is the personal trainer to the Prime Minister and a host of stars, but Matt Roberts’ financial figures are less healthy than his clients.

As Home Retail confirmed the sale of Homebase today, Argos's future has become more unclear after the firm's boss shunned interest from Sainsbury’s, as a deal was backed by a former chairman.

 17.15:The FTSE 100 closed down 24.18 points at 5779.92 as oil prices lurched lower again and Wall Street remained closed for the Martin Luther King Day holiday.

 The Chairman of the Treasury Committee has attacked Bank of England rules which leave challenger banks at a disadvantage.

Footfall across Britain's high streets tumbled by 4 per cent year-on-year last month, as shoppers turned to online outlets for their Christmas shop, according to a report published today.

Hundreds of jobs are reportedly set to be axed atAsdaas Britain's supermarket price war intensifies and the march of discounting rivals Aldi and Lidl continues to reshape the grocery landscape.

 'Events, dear boy, events,' was Harold Macmillan’s reply when asked what he feared most as Prime Minister.

Sir Stelios Haji-Ioannou is to vote down the pay proposals of the bosses at EasyHotel in a row over the way the business is run.

Redcar, Scunthorpe and now it is Port Talbot.

Bank of England governor Mark Carney has signaled that any rise in UK interest rates is some way off, claiming 'now is not yet the time to raise interest rates.'

The International Monetary Fund has released a damning report on the future of the world economy, slashing its growth forecasts for the next two years.

Amazon may be about to deliver a tie-up with Ocado, according to rumours in the City yesterday.

The Clydesdale and Yorkshire Banks could sell for well below expectations due to stock market turmoil, it emerged yesterday.

Some of Britain’s biggest investment firms are taking legal action against Volkswagen over its engine emissions scandal.

Tata Steel’s boss has launched a scathing attack on the Government while announcing a further 1,050 job cuts at plants across the country.

 17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 96.88 points at 5876.80 as dismal economic growth figures from China sparked hope it might launch a fresh round of stimulus measures.

UK inflation nudged higher in December, driven by increased air fares and petrol and diesel prices - despite the plummeting global cost of oil.

 Recruitment firm Hays was the name in the takeover frame, and not for the first time.

 The queue of well-dressed Parisians in fur hats and cashmere scarves snakes around the curved edifice of the glass-roofed Grand Palais in the 8th arrondissement of Paris.

 A 72-day deadline has been set to save 4,000 jobs at a struggling Scunthorpe steel plant and other sites run by Tata Steel.

 The boss of the company behind Marmite and Hellman’s mayonnaise has warned the world’s middle classes are being squeezed and the company is under pressure to compete.

 Sterling crashed to its lowest level against the dollar since the depths of the financial crisis last night after Mark Carney ruled out an early rise in interest rates.

Battle-weary global investors endured fresh share price falls today as the ongoing oil price rout and falls on Asian stock markets overnight sent London's FTSE 100 index into 'bear market' territory.

Over the past six months, a stream of pension company executives have been meeting civil servants in anonymous, windowless rooms in Whitehall.

17.25:The FTSE 100 closed down 203.22 points at 5673.58 to near four-year lows on a day of carnage on world financial markets.

 Holland & Barrett has turned the screw on suppliers by demanding they pay an extra 5 per cent charge on invoices and a contribution towards a £3m CCTV system.

The world’s biggest miner BHP Billiton led a fresh slump by the FTSE 100 index today, with its shares dropping 7 per cent as a glum trading update raised fears over a possible cut in dividends.

Confidence among business leaders has taken a hit as worries about China, the collapse in the oil price and mounting global tensions take their toll, according to a report.

Retailer WH Smith today posted its first rise in high street sales for 14 years, citing solid Christmas trading and the growing trend for adult colouring books and the spoof 'Ladybird' books range.

 Stock market panic around the world sent global equity markets to their lowest levels in three years as the FTSE 100 and Japan’s Nikkei crashed into bear markets.

 As the hamstrung Footsie dropped into so-called bear market territory, or more than 20 per cent below last April’s peak of 7122.74, education group Pearson found itself at the bottom of the class.

 Royal Dutch Shell revealed quarterly profits had nearly halved yesterday but received major backing for its deal with BG Group.

Wage growth in Britain stumbled over the last three months postponing once again the need for the Bank of England to follow America’s Federal Reserve by raising interest rates.

The City watchdog has held 21 investigations into leaks of sensitive information by its staff in the past year, it admitted yesterday.

 British car makers enjoyed their best year in a decade as they shattered records for the number of vehicles exported.

 Savers and investors found some relief as the London stock market rallied again today after its torrid start to 2016, with the Footsie adding another 1.7 per cent  to yesterday's 1.8 per cent bounce.

Troubled educational publisher Pearson plans to slash 10 per cent of its workforce, cap its dividend payout and restructure yet again after predicting weak earnings for 2015 and 2016.

Pub chain JD Wetherspoon saw its shares drop 10 per cent today as it cautioned once again that its full year profits are expected to take a hit amid rising staff costs, its second warning in two months.

Royal Mailshares rose 3 per cent today as the mail delivery firm hailed strong Christmas trading and reported better than expected parcel volumes and a good performance from its logistics unit.

 17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 100.21 points at 5773.79 as markets calmed followed yesterday's turbulent session.

Barclays and Virgin Media have become the two latest UK headquartered corporate giants to slash staff as they streamline their businesses in face of ongoing economic turmoil.

Budgetshoe retailer Brantano, which has 140 stores and 60 concessions in the UK, has gone into administration.

A growing taste for beer across Europe, Africa and Latin America offset troubles caused by the strong dollar and a trading slowdown in north America for beer giant SABMiller.

Supermarket giantAsdahas cut the cost of diesel at its petrol stations to just 97.7p.

An activist investor is urging change from the board of Peppa Pig maker Entertainment One – and threatening to force a sell-off of the firm.

The supermarket price war and the squeeze on the big four grocers has forced Asda into drastic cost cutting.

Forever considered a defensive area of the market in times of extreme stress, selected utilities continue to find favour on yield considerations.

 17.20:The FTSE 100 closed up 126.22 points at 5900.01 as the oil price surged and traders nursed hopes of fresh stimulus injections in the eurozone and China.

Online retailer Amazon plans to create 2,500 jobs in the UK as part of plans to ramp up its operations across the country, in better news for employment prospects in Britain after recent cuts.

Sterling bounced back against the dollar today, having earlier this week crashed to its lowest level since the depths of the financial crisis, and also rallied versus the euro after some mixed UK data.

With crude down around $30 per barrel, special situations remain the only real triggers for the stoic investors still holding small cap oil stocks.

The London stock market has continued its mini-recovery and built on yesterday’s gains as shell-shocked investors take stock of a torrid start to 2016.

The jumbo jet may be set for the skies no more after Boeing announced plans to halve production of its famous four-engine 747 aircraft.

Amazon is upping its assault on Britain’s retailers as experts bet on a takeover of online grocer Ocado.

Should I stop saving while the market is volatile?

Mario Draghi yesterday said he was prepared to launch a fresh round of emergency support for the floundering eurozone economy.

The investment firm seeking to save 4,000 jobs at a Scunthorpe steel plant has held crunch talks with Government advisers to secure a raft of support measures.

The Teletubbies will join Peppa Pig, Fireman Sam and Scooby Doo in Character Group’s toy cupboard as the firm announced a board shake-up.

Shares in Home Retail were flying yesterday amid market rumours that Sainsbury’s was closing in on its planned takeover of the Argos owner.

How curious that it took the head of the European Central Bank (ECB) Mario Draghi, who presides over a hopeless monetary union, to halt the bear tide gripping markets this week.

A lethal cocktail of plunging oil prices and signs that China’s economic growth may shudder to a halt, has sent stock markets reeling.

Fears are growing that if the European Union grants China prized ‘market economy’ status then cheap Chinese imports of everything from cement to roof tiles will devastate Britain’s homegrown industries – as they have with steel.

Metro Bank, the first of Britain’s challenger banks, will this week defy stock market turmoil and launch a £2billion flotation.

Shell's bid to acquire BG Group has been given a boost by news from Brazil that a much feared tax hike will be avoided.

The number of companies warning of lower than expected profits last year soared to its highest level since the financial crisis.

Stock exchanges reeling from a collapse in emerging market growth will face renewed pressure this week as figures show Britain’s own economic recovery has slowed.

 The cost of producing oil is threatening to overtake what it can be sold for.

Dividend payments to shareholders are set to fall this year having reached a record high in 2015, according to a report.

 George Osborne will be dealt a fresh blow this week as figures show the British economy is not as strong as expected.

17.20 (close):The London market fell as oil prices tumbled and banking stocks lost ground due to fresh concerns over regulatory fines.

A group of 121 MPs last weekend called for telecoms regulator Ofcom to make BT Group split off its Openreach business to address the 'dire' state of broadband in the UK.

Digital radio maker Pure could be sold after its owner, chip designer Imagination Technologies confirmed it was reviewing strategic options for the loss-making business.

 Sterling edged lower today as investors digested more downbeat news from UK manufacturers, who are struggling with tough export markets, as worries over a potential 'Brexit' from the EU continue.

Kingfisher has unveiled a new five-year plan for growth but investors appeared less than impressed, despite proposals for a big cash return, as its blue chip shares remained firmly in the red in afternoon trading.

17.20 (close):The London market fell as oil prices tumbled and banking stocks lost ground due to fresh concerns over regulatory fines.

A flood of oil from producers around the world pushed the price of Brent Crude lower yesterday, just as shareholders prepare to vote on the mega-merger of Royal Dutch Shell and BG Group.

Hundreds of McDonald’s restaurants will have table service by the end of the year, the fast food giant announced yesterday.

GlaxoSmithKline has kicked off the search for a chief executive to succeed embattled Sir Andrew Witty.

Tata Steel has begun the process of identifying which jobs are set to go at its Port Talbot plant in South Wales.

Madness, the barnstorming 1980s band, were blaring out their greatest hits at London’s O2 Arena.

Luton-based budget airline easyJet suffered a 3.7 per cent drop in revenue per seat in the final three months of last year as terrorist attacks in Egypt and Paris hit bookings.

Dixons Carphone has said it plans to close 134 stores within the next 18 months as the merged group combines its remaining PC World and Currys stores.

Carpetright's shares dropped today as the floorcoverings retailer revealed a 1.3 per cent fall in total UK sales for the 12 weeks to January 23, although it did see a recovery in the key January sales.

 17.40:The FTSE 100 closed up 34.46 points at 5911.4 as rumours of oil production cuts drove the price back above $31.

Shares in Marston's shares are riding high after the Pitcher & Piano owner posted a sales rise over the key Christmas period and announced it will opening more pubs in the year ahead.

Bank of England boss Mark Carney has told MPs that the decision by the US to raise interest rates last month was a major factor in causing the current global economic turmoil.

Power giants have won a secret battle to hide the scale of the profits they are making by refusing to cut prices.

They are replacing shop assistants and waiters, performing surgery, milking cows, driving cars and caring for the elderly — so how do you invest in the robot boom?

City tycoon Peter Cruddas looks set for a £200million windfall from the listing of his spread-betting empire on the stock market.

MPs have questioned the decision to hire a former bank lobbyist tainted by the Libor interest rate rigging scandal as a key tax adviser to George Osborne.

Crest Nicholson reported a 32 per cent rise in profits as it became the latest housebuilder to benefit from booming demand for new homes.

Labradors with dodgy hips and rottweilers with gastroenteritis were probably not high on the list of challenges Andrew Bailey expected when he arrived at City regulator the Financial Services Authority in 2011.

Investors washed their hands of PZ Cussons after the Manchester-based Imperial Leather soap and shampoo maker reported tough trading conditions in Nigeria, its biggest market.

 Argos has lost a key lieutenant just days before Sainsbury’s is expected to make a fresh bid to snap up the High Street chain.

 17.55:The FTSE 100 Index closed up 1.3 per cent or 78.9 points at 5990.4, as oil lifted above $33 on brighter hopes for global trade.

The average UK house price has hit nearly £200,000 and the UK property market shows no signs of slowing in the year ahead, according to a new report.

Taxpayer-backed RBS is ploughing another £2billion into claims arising from the payment protection insurance scandal and mortgage-backed securities saga as it attempts to 'clean-up' its act.

Irish bookie Paddy Power expects a 9 per cent boost to its full year profits after it clocked up strong trading in the final furlong before a merger with rival Betfair.

Metro Bank trimmed its losses in the fourth quarter as it gears up for an expected stock market flotation next month, with customer numbers rising by 46 per cent to 655,000 over the past year.

 17.55:The FTSE 100 Index closed up 1.3 per cent or 78.9 points at 5990.4, as oil lifted above $33 on brighter hopes for global trade.

Mobile phones are no less of a fashion accessory in Beijing than in any other part of the world.

Royal Dutch Shell’s mega-merger with gas giant BG Group looked set to be approved yesterday, creating the world’s biggest liquefied gas trader and boosting bankers’ bonuses.

Markets in New York took fright last night over fears US interest rate could still rise despite recent market turmoil.

Another American private equity firm has developed a taste for Peroni and Grolsch.

As shares of BT buzzed 10p higher to 478.3p, its army of more than 1million small shareholders awaited industry regulator Ofcom's response to a 'Broadbad' report, by the new British Infrastructure Group of 121 cross-party MPs, which recommended that its Openreach unit be demerged.

Robinsons squash-maker Britvic saw sales slip in Europe and Britain, but a better than expected Christmas boosted its share price.

House building in Britain has reached its highest level since the financial crisis but remains too low to solve the chronic shortage.

Furious investors protested at the lavish bonuses paid to bosses of Aberdeen Asset Management as it continues to haemorrhage money from nervous savers.

Five stockbrokers – including one nicknamed Lord Libor – have been cleared of plotting to fix the banking rate in a bid to make millions of pounds of profit.

The car giant behind Fiat, Jeep and Maserati posted stronger than expected sales for the past three months, triggering it to raise annual profit targets.

SSE has become the second major energy giant in a week to cut its gas prices, as the group unveiled plans to slash its standard tariff by 5.3 per cent.

 17.01:The FTSE 100 closed down 58.59 points at 5931.78 as investors ponder rumours of a Russia-OPEC deal to cut oil production and the possible fallout for crude prices.

The government has postponed the sale of the taxpayer's remaining stake in Lloyds Banking Group due to the turmoil in global financial markets, Chancellor George Osborne said today.

One of the largest takeovers in history finally got the go-ahead yesterday after BG Group shareholders followed those at Royal Dutch Shell in approving the £36billion deal.

By the time you read to the end of this sentence, someone in the UK will have switched energy supplier and another will have bought car insurance using a price comparison website.

Revenues at Mail Online rose by more than a quarter while its parent company beat analyst expectations, it announced yesterday.

The first major commercial agreement by Iran since sanctions were lifted has been signed, with it buying 118 passenger planes from Airbus.

Barclays has been hit with a £1billion lawsuit from Amanda Staveley, the hotshot dealmaker who helped broker its emergency fundraising with Abu Dhabi investors during the financial crisis.

Neurotic followers of heavyweight drug stocks reached for the Valium after 2015 profits from Swiss giant Roche fell way short of market expectations.

Upmarket footwear label Jimmy Choo has outclassed rivals with a 7 per cent rise in 2015 revenues boosted by demand in Asia.

Former bosses of HBOS face a lifetime ban from the City after regulators launched a belated probe into their role in the collapse of the High Street giant more than seven years ago.

The boss of challenger bank TSB has expressed sympathy with public anger about tax-dodging big businesses.

Shares across Asia and Europe have jumped today after a shock move by the Japanese authorities to slash interest rates into negative territory.

17.20 (close):The London market soared as Sky said James Murdoch will return to the broadcaster as chairman, almost four years after his resignation in the wake of the phone-hacking scandal.

Engineering giant Rolls-Royce has announced a raft of top level job cuts as chief executive Warren East bids to revive the group's fortunes after five profit warnings in just two years.

 Supermarket giant Tesco will reduce opening hours at some of its 24-hour stores due to a lack of customers shopping through the night.

James Murdoch, the younger son of media tycoon Rupert Murdoch, is to again take up the role of chairman of Sky after a four year absence, the broadcaster said today, as it reported solid trading.

17.20 (close):The London market soared as Sky said James Murdoch will return to the broadcaster as chairman, almost four years after his resignation in the wake of the phone-hacking scandal.

The competition watchdog’s probe into whether bank customers are getting a good deal has been delayed after its initial findings were attacked for going too soft on the High Street giants.

 European lawmakers have launched a crackdown on cheap Chinese imports of steel that are crippling UK plants.

Top executives at Sainsbury’s are locked in talks to agree a price with Argos-owner Home Retail Group.

As Storm Gertrude headed for Blighty and households cranked up their thermostats, investors’ thoughts seemed to turn to their heating bills.

 The classic fashion brand behind the kipper tie, whose clothes were worn by David Bowie and Mick Jagger, is to be relaunched for a new generation of men.

 Troubled Rolls Royce is to lay off around 50 senior managers in a bid to turn the business around.

Upmarket retail chain The White Company has sent a team to the US this month to seek a location for its first American store.

It is a problem most companies would love to have.

 A major investor in Home Retail raised the pressure on bidder Sainsbury’s by saying a deal would need to be worth at least £1.4bn, amid talk a bid could be done ahead of tomorrow's deadline.

 Interest rates could stay on hold for the rest of the year as the economy slows, the Bank of England will signal this week.

     17.15:The FTSE 100 closed down 23.69 points at 6060.10 after the oil price fell back below $35 a barrel as hopes of production cuts receded.

Telecoms giant BT enjoyed a 24 per cent surge in pre-tax profits to £862million in the final three months of last year, it reported today.

Budget airline Ryanair enjoyed a 110 per cent leap in profits at the end of last year as lower fuel costs helped offset price cuts.

A jump in domestic demand helped Britain’s factories post a brighter start to the year than expected, according to a survey, although export orders continued to fall and staff continued to be cut.

UK stores giant John Lewis is planning to open an outlet in Dubai next year, as the employee-owned group seeks to cash in on the burgeoning Middle East retail market.

More than 350 management roles at Boots will be lost as part of the health and beauty group’s cost saving plan.

Barclays and Credit Suisse have been fined £108million in the US for their secretive ‘dark pools’ trading operations.

Rolls-Royce has sealed its biggest engine deal for almost a year after budget airline Norwegian placed an order for £1.9billion.

Shares in Home Retail soared last night as Sainsbury’s neared a deal to buy the owner of Argos.

The success of the latest Star Wars film has made Disney the world’s most powerful brand, according to research.

One of Britain’s leading female chief executives has revealed how she snubbed the chance to become the boss of Marks & Spencer.

 Sainsbury's has made a new £1.3billion bid to gain control of Home Retail Group, after having its initial £1billion bid rejected by the Argos-owner's shareholders.

Ocado has posted its second successive annual profit after the online grocer grew its regular customer base to over half a million people.

BP posted an annual loss of $6.5billion for 2015 - its worst in 20 years - as the British oil and gas giant struggles to restructure its business in the face of plummeting oil prices.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed down 138.09 points at 5922.01 as oil giant BP and US rival ExxonMobil issued dismal results, and the price of crude slumped back to $33 a barrel.

TalkTalk lost 100,000 customers and suffered costs of £60million after the broadband provider was struck down by a cyber attack last October, but it said it now sees the business 'returning to normal'.

Stock markets took a fresh tumble today reflecting a drop in the price of oil amid oversupply worries and global growth concerns, with dire results from BP and Exxon Mobil illustrating the sector’s woes.

Clydesdale Bank, the UK lender that has been spun out of National Australia Bank, today completed its £1.6billion float on the London Stock Exchange after yesterday being hit by a last minute delay.

Insurance giant Prudential endured its worst day on the stock markets for almost six years amid fears China’s financial regulator is preparing to crack down on citizens buying insurance from foreign firms.

Its colourful checked shirts have been a staple of British rockers including The Who, The Jam and Oasis for decades.

Giant yellow claws clasp the shells of cars.

 17.20:The FTSE 100 closed down 84.87 points at 5837.14 as worries about global growth dominated market sentiment, despite a modest rise in the oil price.

DIY investing giant Hargreaves Lansdown revealed its investors' pots hit a record size, as pension freedom changes saw more money ploughed into their accounts, in spite of tough stock markets.

Stronger than expected data for the services sector today pointed to a slight upturn in UK growth, as a think-tank also said the economy should pick up steam this year despite global output concerns.

Estate agent Foxtons shrugged off a slowdown in the London property market as a push into the suburbs, new homes and competing for sellers saw its sales rise last year.

GlaxoSmithKline boss Andrew Witty has ruled out an imminent break-up of the drugs giant, despite increasing pressure from high profile fund managers such as Neil Woodford.

 Britain's biggest bank has been accused of running its branches with a ‘skeleton staff’ after announcing more than 1,700 job cuts.

 The embattled boss of GlaxoSmithKline came out fighting yesterday and insisted the British drugs giant was on the road to recovery.

 Footsie constituent Bunzl, 10p easier at 1855p, has always been considered ‘boring’ as it supplies stuff people usually throw away – paper cups, till receipts and the film wraparound for supermarket poultry.

 Hundreds of workers at Ford’s UK car plants could lose their jobs as part of a cost-cutting drive.

Daniel Godfrey speaks in calm and measured tones that give little clue to the row that engulfed him last autumn, when he was ousted acrimoniously from his role as head of Britain’s leading asset management body.

 Hinkley Point nuclear power station lurched into another crisis after the director of the £18bn project quit.

The mood among British firms is the ‘darkest for three years’ despite signs the economy picked up pace at the start of 2016, according to a report.

Mobile customers in the UK could see their bills frozen for five years as Three owner Hutchison Holdings attempts to win approval from regulators for its proposed £10.5billion takeover of O2.

  Royal Dutch Shell has seen its annual profits crash by 80 per cent to around a 13 year low and   confirmed plans for heavy job cuts after being hammered by the recent collapse in global oil prices.

 AstraZeneca has warned the City that the expiry of the patent on its blockbuster anti-cholesterol drug Crestor will cut hurt profits and sales for the year ahead as cheaper versions hit the market.

 17.20:The FTSE 100 closed up 61.62 points at 5898.76 after a rally among battered mining and energy stocks.

It may be better known for its cheap frozen food, but Iceland is trying to move upmarket and has hired two chefs who have worked for Heston Blumenthal.

AstraZeneca’s investors must have felt sick as parrots as the UK’s number two drug-maker warned that revenue and earnings would drop this year due to the arrival of cheap generic rivals to Crestor, its blockbuster anti-cholesterol drug.

The wheels were set in motion yesterday for the last government stake in Royal Mail to be disposed of, bringing to an end 500 years of state ownership.

Mining stocks extended their gains today having charged ahead yesterday led by Anglo American which posted its biggest ever one-day percentage gain during trading.

Tata Steel plunged to a loss as it blamed cheap imports from China and a string of EU failures for disappointing trading.

Shares in financial spread-betting company CMC Markets slipped on their market debut today, despite more positive sentiment towards the wider market this morning.

 17.25:The FTSE 100 closed down 50.70 points at 5848.06 as investors focused on mixed US data and the possible impact on Federal Reserve interest rate decisions.17.25: The figures undershot estimates of how many jobs would be created in January, but the unemployment rate fell to an eight-year low.

 Oil and gas exploration firm BG Group is back in the black just weeks before it joins forces with giant Shell and despite continued pressure from tumbling oil prices.

A gang of oil riggers already lucky enough to be in a job, could be set for an enviable assignment - in the tropical waters off the Bahamas.

 He may be the hero of one of the most recent famous books about the murky world of stock trading, but Brad Katsuyama and his firm The Investors’ Exchange don’t seem to have many fans on the US stock market.

 The British love affair with bricks and mortar shows no sign of abating, according to the latest house price figures.

 More than £40bn has been wiped off the value of the UK’s biggest banks since the start of the year in a blow to millions of investors and pension savers.

 Steel baron Lakshmi Mittal has stumped up close to £800m to help his embattled steel firm cope with tumbling prices.

HSBC has been fined £325m in the US for its ‘abusive’ treatment of struggling mortgage customers during the financial crisis.

The company behind the online bidding process featured at auctions on popular daytime TV programmes has hit a record 1m monthly unique users.

 A secretive lobby group set up by Britain’s challenger banks will attempt to persuade the Treasury to back down over higher taxes at a crunch meeting next month.

Shareholders in Rolls-Royce are braced for their first dividend cut in 24 years as fears mount it will issue a sixth profit warning this week.

16:30:The Footsie has posted a fall of nearly 3 per cent in a manic day's trading that saw billions wiped off stock markets globally.

Almost 150 oil rigs in the UK could be scrapped over the next ten years if oil prices continue at current lows, according to industry experts.

Credit Suisse chief executive Tidjane Thiam has asked to have his bonus slashed following the firm's poor performance last year.

The pain returned for global investors this afternoon as the FTSE 100 hit lows not seen for more than three years and talk about another 'financial crisis' reared its head among traders in the City.

Top hedge funds have placed multi-million-pound bets that the London luxury housing market will tank.

Shares in Barclays and Standard Chartered were suspended yesterday during a day of carnage on the financial markets.

The world’s largest concrete maker is at the centre of a row over claims it took more than 90 days to settle some of its bills.

The takeover of online fashion site Net-a-Porter by Italian group Yoox looks to have paid off as it yesterday revealed a 31 per cent jump in 2015 sales for the combined group to £1.32billion.

As their screens turned scarlet, punters piled back into something shiny and reliable yesterday, helping gold – and the miners who dig it out of the ground – to glisten.

The Co-operative was Britain's most visited supermarket in the three months to January 31, new data revealed today, although German discounters Aldi and Lidl continued to show strong growth.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed down 57.17 points at 5632.19 as markets remained nervous about global growth and the fallout for banks and commodity prices.

Shares in TUI Group turned red today after the Thomson and First Choice owner warned that summer holiday bookings to Turkey slumped 40 per cent after recent terrorist and suicide attacks.

They are figures that could make any investor panic.

Japan has become the first major economy to see the yield on 10-year bonds fall below zero – meaning investors are paying for the privilege of lending to the government.

Hedge funds have bet more than £3billion on the decline of ten of Britain’s biggest companies – including Sainsbury’s and Shell – in a bid to exploit the turmoil on financial markets.

It's no mean feat in current depressed trading conditions to earn the ‘dog of the day’ label but that unfortunate tag befell Cambian Group yet again.

Billionaire tycoon Sir Stelios Haji-Ioannou has threatened legal action in his battle with EasyJet over its dividend policy.

London-based traders have been caught up in an escalating probe into a £1trillion government- sponsored bond market.

Shares in London and across Europe staged a mini revival today, driven by a fight back from banking and financial stocks - in particular German giant Deutsche Bank.

CLOSE:The FTSE 100 closed up 40.11 at 5672.30.

The founder of Redrow is set for a £6million windfall after the housing firm posted a rise in profits of 14 per cent and doubled its dividend.

The studios have been home to the blockbuster stars of James Bond and Star Wars, but now Pinewood's owner could be sold as the group looks to 'maximise value' for investors.

Cambridge-based chip designer firm ARM Holdings enjoyed a 31 per cent rise in pretax profits last year, but its shares still dropped around 5 per cent today amid worries about the global outlook.

Hopes for an economic revival in the UK were dealt a blow today after industrial output for December sank to its lowest level since 2012 - driven by declines in mining, oil and gas and manufacturing.

Shares in Hornby more than halved today after the model railways and Scalextrix maker warned of mounting losses after a 'disappointing' start to the new year, and said it was in talks with its lenders.

Early last year Hikma Pharmaceuticals became the first Jordanian group to join the Footsie elite.

French luxury handbagmaker Hermès reported solid growth last year but warned that luxury shoppers may be about to tighten their belts.

The oil sector may be in the doldrums – but BP can see light at the end of the tunnel and has predicted that the oil price could even return to $100 a barrel again.

Stephen Welton has played a trick on me.

Peroni, Grolsch and Meantime beer brands are set to turn Japanese as owner SABMiller edges closer to a deal to sell them to Asahi Group.

The price of gold has climbed to a one-year high today as fearful investors pile into safe havens in the face of falling global stock markets.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed down 135.33 points at 5536.97 as rattled investors worried about the health of the banking sector and a plunge in the oil price back to £30.

The Independent and Independent on Sunday newspapers are to stop running print editions later this year, leaving only an online-edition, owners Alexander and Evgeny Lebedev have confirmed.

Mining giant Rio Tinto reported a loss for 2015 and kept its dividend flat as its results were damaged by a rout in iron ore, copper and aluminium prices amid a slowdown in demand from China.

The pound dropped to a 13 month low against the euro today as investors worried about the impact of possible EU exit possibilities and slowing global growth, with the CBI cutting its UK GDP forecasts.

Banking giant HSBC will go ahead with pay rises for its staff, despite having said it would freeze salaries just two weeks ago, according to press reports.

Travel firm Thomas Cook saw its bookings and revenues fall at the end of last year as terrorist attacks in Paris, Tunisia and Egypt deterred holidaymakers from heading abroad.

Tech-maker ARM Holdings shrugged off cooling demand for iPhones by focusing on the growing demand for gadgets linked up to the internet.

Pub group Enterprise Inns has had a strong start to the year as it reshapes its business in preparation for the end of the centuries-old 'beer tie'.

Support services firm DCC bucked the market gloom yesterday with a jump in shares after posting rising profits.

Bristol has become the latest airport to clash with the Government over aviation policy.

UK Government borrowing costs hit a record low yesterday as Sweden’s central bank cut interest rates deeper into negative territory.

Hornby's  future looked even bleaker yesterday as its stock continued to plummet to finally lose nearly three-quarters of its value in just 48 hours.

The London stock market returned to positive territory today, with financial stocks back up after more than £9billion was wiped off the value of Britain’s biggest banks yesterday.

Another day and another lengthy list of painful losses.

 17.40:The FTSE 100 closed up 3 per cent or 170.63 points at 5707.60, as an 8 per cent leap in the price of Brent crude bolstered oil stocks and sparked a rally from Thursday's three-and-a-half-year low.

Rolls-Royce has halved its dividend to shore up its finances after a slowdown in demand for some of its engines caused a 12 per cent fall in 2015 profit.

Drugs giant GlaxoSmithKline has been fined £37million for paying off firms to delay the launch of cheap versions of an antidepressant drug in a move that denied the NHS 'significant' cost savings.

British construction output slipped more than expected in the fourth quarter, renewing doubts over the strength of the British economy.

Europa Oil & Gasshot up by about a third in Friday’s early deals as a new licensing round offshore Ireland showed the small cap oiler is punching above its weight.

Customers moving on to faster mobile internet services and taking out new contracts have helped EE to a 12 per cent profits rise.

Britain's biggest building society has warned that 2016 will be another lost year for savers.

Traders across Europe had a brief reprieve yesterday to console themselves with over the weekend.

Global stock markets bounced back yesterday at the end of a dismal week for investors around the world.

He's been dubbed ‘the warrior king of Wall Street’ because of his legendary swagger and instinct for survival, writes Hugo Duncan.

It was the end of an era for staff at Thames Valley Park HQ in Reading yesterday as gas giant BG Group ceased to exist By Monday, BG will be part of Anglo-Dutch giant Royal Dutch Shell after a £35billion takeover.

Bricks and mortar took a battering in a week where no sector was safe from stock market strife.

As he settles down to play his beloved church organ tomorrow, Warren East could be forgiven for muttering a brief prayer of thanks.

Defence giant BAE Systems will this week name oil industry veteran Charles Woodburn as its chief operating officer, lining him up as the favourite to take over as chief executive.

Shareholders and pension funds invested in Britain’s blue-chip companies face a swathe of cuts to their earnings, with analysts warning that more firms are likely to cut dividends as the jitters continue.

Hundreds of UK steelworkers will travel to Brussels today to protest outside the EU Commission, writes Rupert Steiner.

Anglo American is preparing to announce a slump in profits tomorrow as it counts the cost of the rout in commodity prices.

The world is not on the brink of another financial crisis, according to a prominent economic think tank.

Mountain Warehouse plans to open more stores across the world and crack America as it gears up to float on the stock market.

 The FTSE 100 closed up 2 per cent or 116.68 points at 5824.28 as European Central Bank boss Mario Draghi signalled he was ready to launch fresh stimulus measures to combat deflation if necessary.

Shares in Shell have experienced a rocky first session since its £35billion takeover of rival BG Group after investors raised questions about the oil giant's ability to quickly dispose assets.

The boss of Hornby has been driven out of his job after less than two years following the latest share price collapse and profits warnings at the model train maker.

Hong Kong’s richest man has joined the race to own London City Airport and is expected to table a £2billion bid this week.

BAE Systems has signalled a shake-up as it fights to win key UK military contracts and develop the next generation of nuclear submarines.

One of the City’s most powerful women has been ousted from struggling Alliance Trust – but she could still collect up to £4.8million in pay and perks.

Shares in Reckitt Benckiser surged more than 6 per cent yesterday after strong demand for brands such as Durex and Strepsils helped it deliver ‘phenomenal’ results.

Sometimes the market doesn’t need much to lift its spirits.

Britain would be a ‘better place’ if it quit the floundering European Union, according to one of the UK’s largest hedge funds.

 17.35:The FTSE 100 closed up 37.89 points at 5862.17 after a deal to freeze oil supply at sky-high levels failed to impress investors.

Was there ever a better time to buy natural resources assets?

When it is your time to go, you will want to go with dignity.

 Troubled Anglo American is to shed 85,000 jobs and reduce its mining operations by two-thirds as the catastrophic rout of commodities left it nursing a £3.9billion loss.

Cruise ships are back at a new terminal on the famous waterfront outside the Three Graces of Liverpool – the Royal Liver Building, the Cunard Building and the Port of Liverpool.

It is better known for financial wizardry such as manipulating interest rates and foreign exchange markets.

A 12-day high for Brent Crude oil yesterday swiftly disappeared following disagreement over a production freeze by major nations.

EDF will extend the life of half its British nuclear plants, safeguarding 2,000 jobs and shoring up national power supplies – but it has yet to make progress on Hinkley Point.

The maker of Absolut vodka, Jameson whiskey, Beefeater gin and Havana Club rum has refused to enter into a supermarket price war, writes Laura Chesters.

Vodafone has been hit with a £1.4billion tax bill from India, just one day after it laid bare how it pays no corporation tax in Britain.

The pound fell sharply yesterday as investors bet a slight uptick in inflation was not enough to convince the Bank of England to raise interest rates early.

 17.15:The FTSE 100 closed up 168.15 points at 6030.32 as it notched up a fourth straight day of gains.

Shares in Glencore raced to a three-month high yesterday after it won crucial backing from its bankers.

Nervous fund managers are pulling money out of the stock market and now have more cash in the bank than during the financial crisis.

Rolls-Royce is preparing to give an American activist shareholder a seat on its board as it battles to bounce back from a string of profit warnings, writes Rupert Steiner.

Supermarket shares gave dealers plenty of food for thought.

British workers are pinning their hopes on at least another year of rock-bottom interest rates to make up for meagre pay rises.

Aircraft and train maker Bombardier has announced nearly 1,400 job cuts in the UK as it reduces its workforce by 7,000 worldwide.

Crouching in a hangar on the outskirts of Derby, on a lime green transporter, is a gigantic Trent XWB engine in a grey protective covering.

 CLOSE:The Footsie ended 1 per cent lower today, retreating after four sessions of gains as a rally by oil prices was eroded, with UK blue chips weighed by some big firms going ex-dividend and by cautious early progress from US stocks, although Centrica and BAE Systems saw strong gains.

Shares in the most complained-about train operator in the UK rose by more than 10 per cent today after it reported a big jump in half-year profits - thanks to a 'good performance in its rail division'.

BAE Systems saw its profits rise last year thanks to the increased delivery of aircraft to Saudi Arabia and a pick-up in defence spending in the US and Europe, and expects this to give it a boost in 2016.

Centrica, the UK's largest energy firm, confirmed a dividend cut despite a hefty rise in profits at its British Gas arm.

Asda has cut the price of 1,600 products below all rivals' levels today as it reported its biggest quarterly fall in sales on record, even worse than its rivals, during the key Christmas period.

Money markets have begun to bet that interest rates will not rise from their long-standing floor of 0.5 per cent until well into 2016 - much to the chagrin of two Bank of England policymakers.

As the owner of British Gas, with some 16million customer accounts, Centrica will always command a great deal of attention.

Pressure on the boss ofAsdamounted yesterday after he delivered the supermarket chain’s biggest ever fall in sales.

Sportswear brand Puma has reported better-than expected sales thanks to Rihanna’s magic touch.

British Gas owner Centrica yesterday became the latest firm to cut its dividend after being hammered by the dramatic slump in oil prices.

The transport boss who runs three of the most hated railway lines in Britain has hit back at critics after posting a 16.6 per cent jump in half-year profits.

Alcohol and cocaine addiction is apparently still unfortunately rife in the City and yesterday a company which specialises in addiction-control products stood out.

To unsettle Sir Mike Rake, it would take a lot.

European Central Bank officials have expressed concern about turbulent financial markets and the increasingly grim outlook for China and other emerging economies.

Internet giant Amazon is continuing its British expansion by opening another giant distribution depot.

KITKAT maker Nestle warned that supermarket price wars are taking their toll on business after a slump in annual profits.

 17.55:'Market jitters are once more emerging to undermine the bullish sentiment that had us on course for the best week for three months,' said Joshua Mahony of IG.

Edinburgh-based Standard Life has hiked its dividend after it recorded increases in fund inflows, income and profits in 2015 despite operating against a difficult backdrop of volatile markets.

In the Horse Hill sweepstakes,Alba Mineral Resourceswon by a couple of lengths this week.

A South African predator last night gatecrashed Sainsbury’s planned takeover of Argos.

Millennium & Copthorne yesterday became the latest company to cut its dividend.

Royal Dutch Shell has seen its credit rating slashed following its £36billion takeover of gas giant BG Group.

Gucci's owner posted a 15 per cent rise in revenues yesterday as London Fashion Week got under way.

After prolonged negotiations on price, Sainsbury’s must have hoped its bid for Argos owner Home Retail Group was done and dusted.

Investors ran for cover in gold yesterday as oil prices fell amid concerns about a UK exit from the EU.

Coca-Cola HBC, the world’s second largest bottler of the fizzy drink, has bounced back with its first rise in European sales volumes in five years.

IPhone sales have declined for the first time ever as customers baulk at high prices.

British banking giants, three of which will unveil 2015 profit figures next week, are labouring to convince investors that they can flourish in a world of long-term rock-bottom interest rates and commodity prices.

Sir Rocco Forte is the scion of the famous hotel dynasty, while Sir Roger Carr is a captain of industry and each hold differing views on Britain's place in the EU.

Britain's biggest banks are poised to reveal a £10billion payout in dividends and bonuses, despite fears among investors and experts of a looming financial crisis.

Businesses stand to lose up to £200million in local tax rebates after the Government slipped through changes to the way company premises are charged, according to claimants’ advisers.

City leaders hailed David Cameron’s EU reform package this weekend as a plan to protect business and the Square Mile.

BT will not be forced to sell its £5billion Openreach broadband division when Ofcom publishes a provisional report into its ownership this week, insiders say.

Sainsbury's hopes of grabbing Home Retail Group (HRG), owner of Argos, have been hit by a last-minute £1.4billion bid tabled by a South African stores conglomerate.

Rescued fashion company Atterley has already signed up hundreds of independent stores as it forges a global network of fashion shops selling products on its website.

HSBC reported weaker-than-expected full-year profits for 2015 amid worsening global conditions, especially plummeting oil and commodity prices as well as a slowdown in China.

17.50:The FTSE 100 shrugged off Brexit fears to close up 87.50 points at 6037.73, although the uncertainty created by the prospect of the UK leaving the European Union left the pound hovering at a seven-year low.

Sales at low-price fashion chain Primark have improved in the new year since the quiet pre-Christmas and festive period, but parent company Associated British Foods still left its full-year forecasts unchanged.

Rising house prices and a growing number of house completions lifted Bovis Homes profits by 20 per cent last year as housebuilders continue to benefit from a buoyant market.

Sainsbury's has been given extra time to mount a larger takeover offer for Argos owner Home Retail Group.

Another day, another rumour about consolidation in telecoms – this time involving Vodafone.

Sales of drugs for horses and international expansion have helped to perk up profits at Dechra Pharmaceuticals.

Primarkhas been boosted by its first foray into the US.

No one should be too surprised that the fast moving EU events of the last couple of days have sparked a new bout of volatility for the pound.

The North Sea’s oil and gas industry is pleading with the Government to lower taxes as its crisis worsens.

Estee Lauder is to launch a chain of barbers and ‘grooming’ shops for men to tap into the £1billion sector.

Petra Diamonds suffered after prices tumbled in its global market.

17.40:The FTSE 100 closed down 75.42 points at 5962.31 as oil prices slid after Iran branded a plan to freeze production at January levels 'ridiculous'.

Standard Chartered has registered its first annual loss in more than a quarter of a century - lurching £1.1billion into the red.

Mining giant BHP Billiton slashed its interim dividend by 75 per cent as it posted its first loss in over 16 years, with a deficit of $5.7billion (£4.0billion) for the six months to December 31.

FTSE 100-listed housebuilder Persimmon is lifting its cash return to shareholders after enjoying a 34 per cent jump in annual profits to £637.8million last year thanks to strong demand from buyers.

Betting giant Ladbrokes today posted its first annual loss in a decade as new taxes imposed on gambling firms cost it £50million, while 'increased marketing and product investment' also took a toll.

Differences of opinion are what make a market.

In the world of fashion, catty remarks are almost par for the course.

It is one of the three pillars of the City of London, alongside the Bank of England and the Lloyd’s of London insurance market.

Talk about bad timing.

17.20 (close):The FTSE 100 index at the close was down 95.13 at 5867.18.

HousebuilderBarratt Developmentssaw its profits surge 40 per cent in the six months to 31 December, continuing the strong performance of the sector as buyers pay higher prices for homes.

17.20 (close):The FTSE 100 index at the close was down 95.13 at 5867.18.

Profits from the oil industry continued to be hammered by the ‘unprecedented’ commodities rout.

The boss of Barratt Developments has warned that a shortage of bricklayers, plumbers, roofers and carpenters could hamper Britain’s housing boom.

Burberry boss Christopher Bailey created quite a stir at London Fashion Week after deciding to do away with the industry norm of showcasing clothes six months before they become available.

The potential takeover of the London Stock Exchange by a German rival has descended into a power struggle.

Enthusiasm for the great all singing and dancing merger of the London Stock Exchange by Frankfurt’s Deutsche Boerse looks to be rapidly vanishing.

Close:London's top flight index rode high on surging financial stocks, as investors cheered a special dividend from Lloyds Banking Group.

Shares in Lloyds Banking Group shot 13 per cent higher today after the state-backed bank unveiled in its full-year results that shareholders would receive a special dividend.

Shares in RSA have risen 13 per cent after the insurance giant posted a rise in profits despite losses caused by storms Eva, Desmond and Frank in December.

The owner of Alton Towers saw its profits rise slightly last year, despite bad publicity following a rollercoaster accident at the theme park, for which - it was revealed today - it is to be prosecuted.

Lloyds Bank announced a surprise £2billion dividend that will reward its loyal band of 2.7million small shareholders with an average payout of £160.

Serco's shares soared 15 per cent yesterday after it reined in its losses following the prisoner tagging scandal where it overcharged taxpayers.

The boss of Premier Oil called for the Government to consider incentives to boost investment in the North Sea.

A group of Canadian investors and the Kuwait Investment Authority have swooped on City airport.

Rajeev Bhaman, head of global equities at US investment house Oppenheimer, last month topped up his funds’ shareholding in financial payment firm Earthport to 78.3million shares from 73.5million, a 16 per cent-plus stake worth £28.5million at a then share price of 30p.

Wealth  manager St James's Place has rewarded shareholders with a 20 per cent hike in its dividend after pulling in nearly £6billion of savers' money last year.

Online estate agent Zoopla attracted a record 58m visits by homebuyers to its website last month.

Royal Bank of Scotland has posted its eighth straight year of annual losses after recently having set aside billions more for further expected fines and misconduct charges.

 17.20:The FTSE 100 closed up 83.20 points at 6096.01 after an upward revision to US fourth quarter growth to 1 per cent, which has soothed concerns about the health of the world's biggest economy.17.20: The US Dow Jones is trading up down 10.1 points at 16,687.2, but French and German markets have both added 2 per cent to their value today.

The London Stock Exchange has warned its proposed mega merger with Germany's Deutsche Borse would probably be derailed if Britain decides to leave the European Union on June 23.

William Hill today posted a 22 per cent slide in annual profits for 2015 but nevertheless hiked dividend payouts for investors and announced a share buyback.

An apparent low-ball takeover offer fromPetroceltic’s largest shareholder sparked extreme volatility in the oil and gas junior’s shares on Friday.

Tiger mums are being targeted by Pearson as it embarks on a plan to turn around losses of £404million.

The booming British fashion scene has made the nation the ‘go-to’ destination for the world’s luxury shoppers.

Profits at British Airways owner IAG soared as demand for its transatlantic routes grew.

Investors drilled into oil services and engineering companies as low crude prices and the plunging pound fuelled takeover talk.

London looked set to surrender control of the stock exchange to German rivals yesterday as its boss lost out in a power struggle.

Online property giant Rightmove raised its dividend by nearly a quarter yesterday after delivering its 15th consecutive year of growth since its birth.

William Hill is to put self-service betting terminals in to every one of its 2,370 shops by the end of the year.

Supermarket giant Sainsbury’s is mulling a higher offer for Argos in the wake of an attempted swoop by a South African conglomerate.

ITV is set to report a near 20 per cent rise in profits for last year while looking forward to big audiences for its coverage of Six Nations rugby and football’s European Cup.

17.10 (close):The FTSE 100 index at the close was up 1.08 - or 0.02 per cent - at 6097.09.

Trinity Mirror shares rose this morning as the publisher revealed a big boost to its dividend despite a drop in annual profits, on the same day as it launched tabloid newspaper, 'The New Day'.

Photo-Me's photo-booths have been part of the landscape for so long it is easy to dismiss them as old school technology.

Shares in Morrisons jumped higher this morning after the UK's fourth biggest supermarket chain revealed it had struck a supply deal with US retail giant Amazon, and expanded its Ocado service.

Barclays has moved one step closer to moving out of Africa for the first time in 100 years after the bank confirmed it is currently 'evaluating' its business in the region.

17.10 (close):The FTSE 100 index at the close was up 1.08 - or 0.02 per cent - at 6097.09.

Ask any of the designers who visited London Fashion Week and they're likely to acknowledge that trends come and trends go.

It has been a miserable time for savers with money tied up in gold since the price of bullion hit an all-time of almost $1,900 an ounce in mid-2011.

Shares in claims handlers Slater & Gordon almost halved yesterday after it posted £500million losses following huge write-downs on its UK business Quindell.

Outspoken Sir Stelios Haji-Ioannou has aimed his anger at the board of Fastjet and demanded them to quit or move to Africa where the firm operates.

Staff at fund giant Jupiter received average bonuses of just under £150,000 last year as it cashed in despite the stock market turmoil, writes James Salmon.

Nervous savers have pulled almost half a billion pounds out of the stockmarket in the biggest exodus since the financial crisis.

Sterling could fall to ‘parity’ with the euro if Britain votes to leave the European Union, according to a report.

The chairman of Barclays Bank has claimed the banking giant has been forced to cut services and jobs in part because of disproportionate fines and taxes that have cost it £20billion.

17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 55.79 points at 6152.88 after China cut interest rates just ahead of more disappointing news about its struggling manufacturing sector.

Newcastle-based Greggs is axing up to 355 jobs and closing the door on three bakeries and between 50 to 60 shops as part of a £100million restructuring plan.

 London-headquartered Taylor Wimpey became the latest housebuilder to unveil stellar 2015 results today.

Direct Line has rewarded shareholders with a special dividend at the same time as it warned that the consequences of a 'Brexit' would hurt its investment portfolio and trigger regulatory uncertainty.

The owner of the New York Stock Exchange is considering gatecrashing the London Stock Exchange's proposed plans for a £20billion merger with Germany's Deutsche Boerse.

Small investors across the country will be struggling to remember a more volatile start to the stock market year than this.

Directors of equipment rental group Ashtead piled into the market for shares after they collapsed following news the group plans to significantly reduce capital expenditure next year.

Ford’s most senior executive in Europe said hundreds of workers at its plants in the UK and Germany are set to leave as part of a voluntary redundancy scheme.

The Americans and the Germans are poised to battle it out for control of the London Stock Exchange.

Health  conscious customers helped Greggs serve up record profits and sales, as shares rose 15 per cent.

The failure of the big energy companies to pass on the dramatic fall in wholesale gas and electricity costs to their customers has played into the hands of MoneySupermarket.

Glencore revealed a £3.5billion loss after being dragged down by more than £5billion of writedowns on the value of its assets.

Britain’s ailing manufacturers have suffered their worst month for nearly three years as storm clouds gather over the global economy.

17.10 (close):The FTSE 100 index at the close was down 5.82 at 6147.06.

Commercial broadcaster ITV unveiled a special dividend for shareholders today as its annual profits rose for the sixth consecutive year, but its shares fell as its audience viewing figures declined.

Rolls-Royce has given activist shareholder ValueAct a seat on its board in a move that gives the US hedge fund significant influence over the 112-year-old engineering firm.

Shares in Virgin Money jumped higher today after the challenger bank posted a 53 per cent rise in profits in its first set of full year results since floating in 2014.

The  bidding war for Argos took a twist yesterday when the South African furniture group hoping to snap up the store made a bid for a French retail giant.

A series of flops from film distributor Entertainment One spooked investors and sent its share price down 13 per cent.

It proved to be a testing time for Andre Lacroix as he oversaw his first set of full-year results since becoming chief executive of Footsie constituent Intertek last May.

The boss of ITV brushed off takeover speculation yesterday as the broadcaster shared the spoils of a blockbuster year with shareholders.

17.20 (close):The FTSE 100 at the close was down 16.60 at 6130.46.

The economy is bumping along unsteadily on the eve of the UK's seventh anniversary of record low interest rates.

Rock bottom cheese and dough prices and surging mobile phone orders helped fast-food chain Domino's boost sales and rack up double-digit profits last year.

17.20 (close):The FTSE 100 at the close was down 16.60 at 6130.46.

Blue chip insurer Admiral reported record full year 2015 profits today thanks to rising motor rates and keen pricing, and has rewarded staff and shareholders with bumper payouts.

Department store chain BHS has confirmed it will make more than 350 people redundant and may close dozens of stores in a step to revive its ailing business.

The belt-tightening at troubled Rolls-Royce has even extended to its boss, the annual report for the engineer has revealed.

A mansits on the sofa in a private area on McLaren’s stand at the Geneva Motor Show.

Lonmin was in grave danger of being dragged into the knacker’s yard last year.

Defence giant Cobham saw full-year earnings slump into the red, blaming the slowdown in China for falling demand.

The London Stock Exchange has described its potential merger with Germany's Deutsche Boerse as 'compelling' as it revealed a 31 per cent jump in 2015 results today.

 17.20 (close):The London market ended the week with a flurry, as takeover target the London Stock Exchange saw its full-year profits surge.

 Budget airlines all enjoyed a busy February in the run up to the crucial summer holiday season, with easyJet, Ryanair and Wizz Air posting growth in passenger numbers during the month.

Advertising giant WPP ended 2015 with its best growth of the year after winning new big clients and strong showings in North America, but warned of geopolitical threats including a possible 'Brexit'.

 17.20 (close):The London market ended the week with a flurry, as takeover target the London Stock Exchange saw its full-year profits surge.

Shares in Metro Bank rose sharply on the first day of conditional trading on the London market after institutional investors snapped up stock in the High Street lender.

Gold soared to a 13-month high yesterday as its best start to the year since 1980 got better.

It has carved a profitable niche on the High Street with its budget chain Primark, but Associated British Foods could be set for a spell of bad luck.

The boss of BP has been paid a total of £13.9million in pay and perks despite the oil giant recording its biggest ever loss last year of £4.6billion.

The John Lewis Partnership has said it will consider issuing more bonds after subscribers to a previous issue received a windfall of as much as £3,250 in cash and vouchers over the past five years.

BHS chief executive Darren Topp had to face his staff on Friday morning last week and tell them hundreds would lose their jobs and dozens of stores are likely to close.

The battle for the London Stock Exchange has heated up as Chicago’s exchange becomes the latest to try to gatecrash the deal.

Close:Top flight shares struggled for direction as oil firms and financial services groups weighed on the London market.

 Fastjet saw its shares slump 30 per cent today after the African budget airline issued a profit warning amid growing calls for its chief executive Ed Winter to step down.

 Old Mutual said today it will update the market this Friday about its future after reports over the weekend revealed the FTSE 100 financial services giant is planning a multi-billion pound break-up.

Market trends are moving swiftly in the direction of Ebiquity after the marketing analytics specialist recently posted a increase in revenues and profits.

Burberry may be attracting some dedicated followers of fashion in the US and the private equity world, according to rumours flaunted on the City’s catwalk yesterday.

 Britain's biggest mobile firms held private talks with European competition watchdogs yesterday over the potential £10.3billion merger of Three and O2.

Troubled outsourcing firm Watchstone – formerly known as Quindell – has sold a business linked to its ousted founder.

Investors were yesterday able to resume buying shares in a gold fund run by BlackRock after they had been suspended on Friday due to overwhelming demand.

BHS has held two crunch talks with hundreds of suppliers to reassure them of the future of the business.

Amid the historic surrounds of the officers' mess at RAF Cranwell, a clutch of people in civilian dress mix easily with their counterparts in light blue uniforms.

Commodities staged a rally yesterday as oil rose above $40-a-barrel and iron ore saw the biggest gains on record.

The Americans are determined to get their hands on the London Stock Exchange – and hope to outmanoeuvre the Germans by committing to keep one of its biggest assets in London.

17.10 (close):Shares in Burberry soared as the luxury fashion house prepares its defences against a potential takeover bid, according to market reports.

Shares in Burberry topped the FTSE 100 leader board today, up over 6 per cent to a five-month high as takeover talk swirled around the luxury goods firm famous for its checkered coats and bags.

London-based estate agent Foxtons suffered a 2.6 per cent fall in pre-tax profits last year, with the capital's housing market remaining 'subdued'.

17.10 (close):Shares in Burberry soared as the luxury fashion house prepares its defences against a potential takeover bid, according to market reports.

Scandal hit Volkswagen told staff they will be handed a ‘well-earned’ bonus for the year in which the firm was caught cheating over the emission levels from 11m diesel engines.

Overweight bears came out to play again following truly shocking Chinese trade figures.

The boss of newly-combined gambling giant Paddy Power Betfair yesterday hailed an ‘encouraging’ start for the enlarged company after a topsy-turvy year for punters.

Stagecoach has been rapped for attempting an £11million tax avoidance scam.

Disgruntled Barclays investors have demanded to speak with the bank’s deputy chairman over its decision to slash the dividend in half.

17.10 (close):London's top flight index lifted as investors cheered a bumper profits haul and special dividend payout from insurance giant Prudential.

The Bank of England is still more likely to raise interest rates than to cut them over the next two years, one of its policymakers said today, amid speculation that his colleagues could be considering new ways to revive a stalling economy.

Prudential will pay its shareholders a 10p special dividend and hike its 2015 total payout to more than 38p a share after profits for the year rose 22 per cent.

Energy giant Eon has reported a 9 per cent drop in UK profits for 2015, which it says is partly due to consumer price cuts.

Outsourcing giant G4S has warned that it could lose a further £57million if the Government extends a key contract to house surging numbers of asylum seekers, after further big provisions in 2015.

17.10 (close):London's top flight index lifted as investors cheered a bumper profits haul and special dividend payout from insurance giant Prudential.

Burberry shares slammed into reverse yesterday as hopes of a takeover battle for the British fashion chain appeared to be dashed.

It's early morning in the fashionable Plum + Spilt Milk restaurant in King’s Cross, central London, but Joanne Segars has already found time for her favourite pastime.

The son of the inventor of Mr Whippy ice cream is set to scoop a £75million windfall when Hotel Chocolat floats on the stock exchange.

You never know, but after a ten-year wait, AIM-listed Proxama, whose chairman David Bailey is a former Phillips & Drew/UBS stockbroker, could have finally hit the big time.

Britain's car sales boom looks set to roll on as the boss of a leading dealership chain predicted there was still ‘pent-up demand to fill’.

Thousands of staff at British Home Stores face an immediate cut to their pensions as the department store fights for its survival.

The Man from the Pru has hit the jackpot with the introduction of George Osborne’s pension freedoms.

Shoppers using improved delivery services boosted sales at Argos – the High Street retailer at the centre of a takeover battle - which revealed it now sells more than half its products online.

Aviva topped the FTSE 100 leader board today after the insurer unveiled a 20 per cent rise in full year operating profit and pledged to give more cash back to its shareholders.

Supermarket chain Morrisons has unveiled a fourth straight year of declining profits as it closed stores and slashed costs in a bid to turn itself around as the sector price wars continue to take a toll.

17.25 (close):The London market nosedived into the red, as the European Central Bank (ECB) poured cold water on the prospect of future rate cuts.

17.25 (close):The London market nosedived into the red, as the European Central Bank (ECB) poured cold water on the prospect of future rate cuts.

The battle for the London Stock Exchange intensified yesterday as its German suitor strengthened its hand by raising a potential war chest of nearly £800million.

John Lewis revealed that it is still suffering from the retail gloom as profits fell and staff bonuses dropped for the third year running.

About 40,000 Aviva savers cashed in their retirement pots last year as they rushed to exploit the Chancellor’s new pension freedoms.

Rolls-Royce is to shed more senior managers as part of its turnaround plan.

PPHE beat off all competition in October when its ‘vibrant’ brand Art’otel was chosen to operate the luxury hotel planned for the £8billion redevelopment of the iconic Battersea Power Station.

A year of blockbusters gave Cineworld bumper profits as the number of people flocking to the movies soared 12 per cent.

Pub chain JD Wetherspoon saw its profits dip in the first half amid increasing staff costs and warned that high taxes for the industry and a rise in the minimum wage weighed on the group’s outlook.

Anglo-South African financial giant Old Mutual has confirmed plans to split into four businesses by 2018 following a four month strategic review as it reported solid full year results today.

17.20 (close):The FTSE 100 index at the close was up 103.09 at 6139.79.

The wheels came off atTandem Groupthis week, as the mobility equipment maker revealed it might have been underpaying import duties.

17.20 (close):The FTSE 100 index at the close was up 103.09 at 6139.79.

Marks & Spencer was at the bottom of blue-chip investors' shopping lists yesterday after a heavyweight City broker gave it the thumbs-down.

Oil analysts say the price of a barrel may have bottomed out – just as Shell started a £20billion assets sale.

Old Mutual is to break up into four separate parts in a bid to cut costs and boost profits.

Cafe Rouge and Bella Italia owner Casual Dining Group has revealed losses of £13.5 million for its latest financial year, but directors say they expect to focus on expanding the number of outlets following a restructuring.

He's not short of a bob or two, so millionaire plumber Charlie Mullins will be more than able to deal with a pay cut.

Supermarket giant Sainsbury's is considering raising its offer for retailer Argos to £1.5billion after its parent group waved a £100million 'carrot' at bidders last week, lifting shares in owner Home Retail.

Sir Martin Sorrell, chief executive of advertising group WPP, will take home up to £70million in salary and bonuses for last year – the second biggest pay package ever for the boss of a British company.

Tax dodgers are cheating the Treasury out of £5billion and have huge sums stashed in tax havens, a charity report has claimed.

Sainsbury’s has opened its smallest ever store – which will stock almost no groceries.

Advertising magnate Martin Sorrell will see his pay rise by more than half to £66million making him Britain’s best-paid chief executive, his firm WPP will reveal this week.

George Osbornefaces aBudgetblack hole of nearly £50billion and will fail to reach a surplus as the slowdown in the British economy dents tax receipts, a report claims.

After more than two centuries of independence, the London Stock Exchange could soon be bought out by the Germans.

17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 34.78 points at 6174.57, amid waning enthusiasm as the oil price fell back below $40 a barrel.

Norwich-based technology companyProxamaproved last week you do not need a trendy Silicon Roundabout address to attract the attention of Google.

Astrazeneca is facing a revolt over executive pay in the wake of a profit warning.

Lloyds is vulnerable to a housing crash and is not worth investing in, one of the UK’s most influential fund managers claimed yesterday.

Stelios Haji-Ioannou has got his way and hastened the departure of Fastjet chief executive and founder Ed Winter.

The London Stock Exchange was last night locked in crunch talks with its German rival as they attempt to hammer out the final terms of a controversial tie-up.

The wheels came off Stagecoach yesterday after a City broker said its East Coast rail franchise was facing an uphill battle only a year after it took it over.

Mobile operator Three is set to launch a special tariff for pensioners in a bid to get regulators to approve a merger deal with O2.

When George Osborne delivered his first Budget as Chancellor of the Exchequer in June 2010 he promised to balance the books within five years.

 17.20:The FTSE 100 closed down 34.60 points at 6139.97 as investors worried about global growth and the oil price fell back towards $38.

Sainsbury's has posted its first quarterly rise in sales for over two years, despite an ongoing price war and competition from budget rivals.

Legal & General shares have been dented after analysts called into question its capital buffers required under new European rules.

Online grocer Ocado enjoyed a 15.3 per cent increase in group sales in the last quarter, claiming it is still in talks with 'multiple partners' over apotential overseas deal.

Royal Bank of Scotland will cut 448 investment banking jobs as it looks to cut costs and shrink the size of the division.

Shares of Tullow Oil were on a slippery slope as problems in Ghana took their toll.

French Connection has revealed an annual losses of £4.7million and unveiled plans to turn around its flagging fortunes.

Dozens of traders who brazenly rigged foreign currency rates will not face trial.

Investors have suffered a £5.7billion cut in dividends as the commodities rout and banking fines take their toll on the Footsie.

Expert investors are piling cash back into oil as the price of a barrell starts to creep up again.

18.10:Shortly after the close of the London markets, the US Federal Reserve announced that it has held interest rates steady.

 The London Stock Exchange and German rival Deutsche Borse have reached a deal on a £21billion merger to create one of the biggest trading exchanges in the world.

Chancellor George Osborne has missed his GDP and debt forecasts for this financial year, sending sterling down to a fresh monthly low against the dollar and the euro.

 The under pressure oil industry has received a much needed set of tax breaks from Chancellor George Osborne, having been hit hard over the past six months by a severe dip in 'black gold' prices.

Private equity fund managers have been treated like ‘bogeymen’ in the Budget, a leading tax accountant said last night.

The London Stock Exchange will report its profits in euros instead of pounds if its £21billion ‘merger of equals’ with its German counterpart goes ahead.

Some ten years ago Skyepharma received an unsolicited bid approach from an unknown concern which eventually came to nothing.

Shares in Thomas Cook and Tui slumped over fears the two firms are heavily exposed to terrorism-hit destinations.

Households are facing a huge loss from rescuing the banks, the independent Treasury watchdog has warned.

 17.40:The FTSE 100 closed up 25.63 points at 6201.12 as investors responded to signals that the US Federal Reserve isn't in a hurry to raise interest rates again.

Ted Baker has emerged as a winner in the competitive fashion sector, seeing a near-20 per cent jump in profits last year as it continues to expand worldwide, although shares fell on slight caution.

The FTSE 100 has lost two of its most senior bosses in quick succession, as Sir Andrew Witty at GlaxoSmithKline and Sam Walsh at Rio Tinto both announced plans to step down this morning.

 ITV boss Adam Crozier has been handed a £4million pay package - becoming the latest media boss to enjoy a bumper pay day.

A £2.5billion investment drive has begun after the firm behind Britain’s first potash mine in 40 years unveiled its plans.

The bid battle for Argos-owner Home Retail Group could rumble on for weeks more after the Takeover Panel issued an update creating a ‘Mexican stand-off’ situation for suitors.

One of Britain's most prolific fund managers is suing Barclays bank after it took almost three years to move money from an account.

Boeing has chosen Britain as home for its new European headquarters in a major boost to campaigners in favour of the UK leaving the EU.

The embattled boss of GlaxoSmithKline is to step down next year after nearly a decade in charge – sparking speculation the drugs giant could be broken up.

Get on the wrong side of Haitong’s Tony Shiret – affectionately known as ‘the Godfather of Retail’ – and your share price will regret it.

Billionaire investor Stelios Haji-Ioannou made an extraordinary list of demands from Fastjet amid fears the Africa-focused airline could be about to go bust, writes Rupert Steiner.

Samsonite, the world’s largest luggage maker, credited strong sales in China for boosting full-year profits.

 17.15:The FTSE 100 closed down 11.48 points at 6189.64, just before it emerged in breaking news that Sainsbury's has agreed to buy Argos owner Home Retail Group in a deal worth a total.

Telecoms giant BT Group has appointed Simon Lowth as its new finance director following his departure from oil and gas explorer BG Group, which has been bought by Royal Dutch Shell.

Berkeley Group shares fell 3 per cent today after the builder hinted that sales in its core London market had started to slow due to a significant increase in property taxes over the last 18 months.

Banking giant HSBC has started the search to find new top management just a month after deciding to keep its headquarters as London, and a day after two FTSE 100 firms unveiled CEO changes.

A 40 per cent slump in recent days is a worrying marker in the demise ofGulf Keystone Petroleum.

Sainsbury's has snapped up Argos owner Home Retail Group in a deal worth £1.4billion that it hopes will push it ahead of rivals Tesco, John Lewis and Amazon UK.

German-owned bus and train operator Arriva has won a £1.5billion contract to run the London Overground, it was announced today.

Sainsbury's appeared to have won the £1.4billion race for Argos last night after fending off advances from a South African challenger.

The Americans are preparing to gatecrash Germany’s bid for the London Stock Exchange.

The battle for domination on the High Street looks set to intensify amid signs family favouriteNextis losing its sheen.

Sir Richard Branson has attacked short-sighted politicians for delaying the decision to build a third runway at Heathrow.

Annual results have boosted the share prices of L&G, Prudential and Standard Life over recent weeks, but some experts are concerned the industry faces too many challenges to be attractive to investors.

 Soaring sales among middle-class Chinese and Asian households has powered a bumper year at British engineer Dyson, writes James Salmon.

The Bank of England could be forced to cut interest rates to combat low inflation and kick-start the economy, according to official forecasts.

 One of Britain’s most powerful female bankers has hit out at the ‘shocking’ lack of women in top jobs.

 17.35:The FTSE 100 closed down 5.06 points at 6184.58 amid thin volumes ahead of this weekend's Easter break.

 City investment giants have called on bosses at London's top listed firms to stop wasting their time with quarterly reporting and focus instead on the long-term picture.

Rolls-Royce will attempt to placate MPs concerned about its commitment to UK manufacturing by announcing hundreds of new British jobs today.

One of London’s oldest shipping institutions is facing a Far Eastern takeover which could be worth at least £70million.

 Shares in Whitbread frothed up yesterday as takeover and break-up talk swirled around the owner of Costa Coffee and Premier Inn.

The pound fell sharply yesterday as civil war in the Tory Party fuelled fears over the economy and Britain’s future in Europe.

The German bosses plotting to take over the London Stock Exchange want to sweeten the deal for investors by copying the UK’s Aim market.

Britain's biggest firms face a shareholder spring as powerful investors promised a show of strength to hold bosses accountable for poor performance and giant pay deals.

Amid today's bombings in Brussels, Thomas Cook this morning said its summer bookings are struggling in the face of ongoing terrorism threats, causing customers to delay their holiday plans.

 17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 8.16 points at 6192.74, on a day when global markets remained mostly flat as attention focused on the terrorist attacks in Brussels.

 Royal Bank of Scotland shareholders finally had something to cheer this morning, after the state-owned bank announced that it had regained control of its dividend payments.

High-end London apartments helped Bellway boost its average selling prices and post record profits for the first half of its current financial year.

Strong demand from a low base in Asia helped luxury shoemaker Jimmy Choo post a 7.2 per cent jump in 2015 underlying revenues, outperforming the overall luxury market this year, although its shares still fell due to the ‘challenging competitive environment.’ Jimmy Choo saw its Asian revenues, excluding Japan, grow 20.1 per cent at constant currencies last year, helped by new store openings in China and Hong Kong.

Private equity group 3i offered a glimmer of bid interest in a session otherwise overshadowed by the events in Brussels.

The fate of BHS will be decided today as landlords for its stores are set to give in to a restructuring plan which will see its rental bill dramatically reduced.

Struggling chip designer Imagination Technologies had a rollercoaster day on the stock exchange after speculation grew it was to be bought by Apple.

The boss of insurer Direct Line Group picked up a £4.8million pay packet in 2015, the annual report revealed yesterday.

Staff morale at the City watchdog has slumped after it was criticised for rolling over in the face of opposition from major banks.

The terrorist attacks in Brussels sent shockwaves through financial markets as nervous investors dumped shares in airlines, hotel groups and holiday firms.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 6.37 points at 6199.11, but global markets remain generally flat in the wake of the terror attacks in Brussels.

 The UK's telecoms regulator Ofcom has told BT that its Openreach business must install high-speed cables quicker for businesses and reduce prices.

The owner of DIY chain B&Q has posted a small rise in annual profits as it pushes through its 'ambitious' overhaul plan, although after restructuring costs its earnings fell over 20 per cent.

The ‘worst Cheltenham results in recent history’ for bookmakers saw William Hill warn on profits today, sending its shares and those of its peers sharply lower.

Shares in Premier Foods, the group behind Mr Kipling cakes, jumped more than 50 per cent today after it rejected two US takeover bids and announced a tie-up with an instant noodle giant.

Virgin Atlantic has seen profits almost double last year thanks to falling fuel costs triggered by a sump in global oil prices and its increased focus on transatlantic flights.

Shares in the owner of Mr Kipling cakes and Bisto gravy soared by 71 per cent as it fended off an audacious £495million foreign takeover bid.

B&Q CHALLENGEB&Q and Screwfix owner Kingfisher is rising to the challenge posed by new rival Australian chain Bunnings with a strategy to improve the DIY giant.

An unprecedented wave of media buying by multinational companies in 2015 lifted advertising behemoth WPP.

Richard Thompson is nursing a hangover.

After bingeing on debt in the early 2000s, Premier Foods has been fighting a long battle for survival ever since.

One of Britain’s most successful fund managers has warned that Donald Trump poses a greater risk to savings and investments than Brexit.

High street giant Next fired another warning shot across the retail sector and the economy as a whole today as it cautioned that 2016 could be the 'toughest' year since the financial crisis.

CLOSE:London's top flight index plummeted more than 1.4 per cent or 92.6 points to 6106.5, as oil prices fell back and shares in high street giant Next slumped to their lowest level for more than two years.

SSE, one of the UK's 'Big Six' energy suppliers, has also waded into the EU referendum debate today by telling investors that a vote to leave would increase the risk in its business.

Mr Kipling cakes firm Premier Foods saw its shares drop 10 per cent today, having soared 71 per cent yesterday as takeover hopes were dented by a big stake sale to its new Japanese partner.

NAKED SUCCESSPeppa Pig owner Entertainment One has taken a controlling stake in a reality television company for £16million.

British drinkers are shunning lager and turning to ale in a boost to the country’s brewers, according to the chairman of beer maker Adnams.

Standard Chartered shares suffered after investors were spooked by a stark warning that low commodity prices could hurt the big banks.

He might say he’s one of life’s winners but even Donald Trump is not immune to shifts in the market.

The boom years could be over for Next as shares dropped 15 per cent following a warning from boss Lord Wolfson that 2016 could be as bad as the financial crisis of 2008.

Struggling BHS has agreed a lifeline from a firm of liquidation specialists sparking further concern about the future of the retailer.

What does this trust do?

One of the first rules of investing is: spread your money.

GOOD WEEK: Ambitious women- Britain’s top female bankers called for a cut in bonuses for firms that failed to appoint enough women on boards.

Yahoo's entire board should be sacked, according to activist investor Starboard Value.

Fewer than half of Britons are buying Easter eggs – as our chocoholics opt for alternative seasonal treats.

British holidaymakers are going back to the Seventies as fear of unrest in North Africa and Turkey leads them to traditional resorts.

The directors of auction house Sotheby’s in the UK have warned of declining prices in the art world due to falling demand, and an increase in costs.

Formula 1 motor racing could be about to get new owners after US private equity firm CVC was understood to have agreed a price for the sale of its controlling stake in the $8.5billion (£6billion) business.

BHS management is set to explain ‘within weeks’ to the Pension Protection Fund how it will deal with its £571million pensions black hole.

Inspiring Learning, which organises holiday activities and trips for thousands of British schoolchildren, could be about to change hands for up to £100million.

Luxury handbag maker Aspinal of London has appointed new corporate financiers to find an investor to back international expansion plans.

Bernie Ecclestone, the diminutive octogenarian billionaire who turned Formula 1 into a global, money-spinning juggernaut, might be about to become even more powerful in the sport he has dominated for 40 years.

Cakes will be on the rise this Easter – with an increasing number of enthusiasts learning to bake to save money.

Premier Foods must pay £185million into its pension fund over the next four years, sparking fears that the massive rise in costs may be too much for suitor McCormick to swallow.

Brand management and investment company The House of Britannia, which owns the majority of the Queen’s glove maker Cornelia James, hopes to raise £6million by listing on the ISDX small company market.

Ineos is to move its international headquarters back to the UK six years after the chemicals giant fell out with the then prime minister Gordon Brown and relocated to Switzerland.

The two founders of Fever-Tree Drinks have cashed in on the company’s success by selling millions of pounds worth of shares.

Britain’s biggest engineering firms have been awarded contracts worth £372million by the Ministry of Defence for maintaining its fleet of Hawk aircraft.

George Osborne is to be quizzed by MPs about the planned takeover of the London Stock Exchange by the Germans.

Among the weakest of the arguments deployed by the ‘remain’ campaign is to suggest that if Britain were outside the comfort zone of the EU inward investment would freeze over, we would be cut off to global commerce and UK plc would postpone corporate investment.

WEEKEND WASHOUTBritain's battered high streets endured a torrid Easter as sales were blown off course by the bad weather.

The bidding war for the owner of Sheraton and W Hotels intensified after the Chinese came back with a higher offer.

Offers for US internet giant Yahoo must be in by April 11, giving potential bidders just two weeks to submit their preliminary offer proposals.

The popularity of a set of tongue-in-cheek Ladybird books and adult colouring books has helped Foyles return to profit.

The boss of Britain’s biggest insurer has been handed a £3.1million pay rise.

What’s happening?

Big commodity stocks were in the red as the price of a barrel of Brent Crude dropped 3.1 per cent to about $39.

ALSTOM CHARGESThe UK president of French engineering firm Alstom has been charged with offences of corruption and conspiracy to corrupt in connection with train contracts for the Budapest Metro.

The North Sea oil and gas industry has suffered a further blow after US energy giant ConocoPhillips threatened to pull the plug on a key pipeline.

 17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 97.27 points at 6203.17 as investors welcomed signs that the Federal Reserve plans to put the brakes on further interest rate hikes in the near future.

Mr Kipling cakes firm Premier Foods has rejected a third takeover offer from Schwartz spice US firm McCormick & Company, worth £537million, but has agreed to talks with the group for the first time.

Scalextric to toy train maker Hornby has been given a reprieve by a lender after ever-growing losses put it on the brink of breaching its loan terms, with current trading showing a slight improvement.

A spending watchdog is looking into claims that the buyer of former Northern Rock mortgages sought to avoid UK tax.

The explosion of imported Chinese steel crippling Britain’s industrial heartland was laid bare last night.

The FTSE 100 index closed at its highest level of the year so far after clawing back all the losses made in a ghastly opening few weeks.

Sanjeev Gupta is away on business in Dubai but he is keeping a close eye on the meltdown of Tata Steel’s UK operations.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed down 28.27 points at 6174.90, as investors showed caution ahead of keenly-watched US jobs figures due out tomorrow Markets are also still digesting comments from US Fed boss Janet Yellen which dampened the prospect of a rate hike in the near future, and sent the dollar lower over the past few days.

Online electrical appliance retailer AO World saw its shares surge today after the firm upped its full year outlook on the back of stronger-than-expected UK sales.

Holidays firm TUI has outdone its arch rival Thomas Cook by posting a bullish trading update as its customers return to old favourites such as Spain and the Canaries following global terror attacks.

 Spreadbetter CMC Markets has made a decent start to life as a listed company, with stock market volatility helping drum up new clients and increase trade volume.

Gold miner Randgold Resources is outshining rival miners by sticking to its progressive dividend policy.

Swedish billionaire Karl-Johan Persson, 39, added to his fortune last year with earnings of £1.3million, according to H&M’s annual report.

Drug industry takeover talk did the rounds again on Thursday as AstraZeneca’s name resurfaced in rumours about potential bids for US group Medivation.

At first blush there may appear to be little in common between Tata Steel in Britain, Mr Kipling owner Premier Foods and the department store chain BHS.

Royal London’s profits jumped to £244million after the mutual cashed in on George Osborne’s pension freedom reforms.

China's biggest steelmaker yesterday announced a dramatic increase in production as the future of some of Britain’s biggest steel plants hung in the balance.

Former Prudential boss Tidjane Thiam sparked outrage last night after it emerged he was awarded £5million for just five months’ work.

Collectibles dealer Stanley Gibbons has pulled off its £13million share placing to pay off its debts and help it grow.

 17.25:The FTSE 100 closed down 28.85 points at 6146.05 after a keenly-waited US employment report beat estimates about the number of jobs added in March.

Sainsbury’s has won its bid to take over Argos in a £1.4billion deal that could see the closure of 200 Argos stores.

Tesco is considering the sale of its family restaurant chain Giraffe as it looks to shift all its efforts on reviving sales at its supermarkets, according to reports.

Losses at the Co-op Bank have more than doubled as the crisis-torn lender struggles to move on from its troubled past.

Emerging markets were the darling of the investment world in the early 2000s.

London's top flight kicked off the second quarter of the year on a negative note as an inconclusive US job report and falling oil prices dampened sentiment.

Savers who have invested money in rare coins are making a mint.

 Investors who backed miners at the beginning of the year will have earned themselves a tidy return, while those who held onto bank stocks were less fortunate, latest research from broker Hargreaves Lansdowne has shown.

Shares inAscent Resourceswere taken on a whirlwind ride this week afterCadogen Petroleumbacked-out of an approach to buy the company.

Each week the daily Mail City desk takes a look at an investment trust that small investors might consider to diversify their portfolio.

The horse racing industry is planning to launch a new pooled betting business to take on the Tote.

Marks & Spencer is set to join rivals in declaring a sales washout for the first three months of this year.

 The founders of Fever-Tree Drinks have insisted they are sticking with the business for the long-term, despite selling shares worth nearly £18m last month.

 The new boss of Marks & Spencer is under pressure to hone his fashion credentials and turn around its flagging womenswear sales.

 17.20:The FTSE 100 closed up 18.67 points at 6164.72 as the oil price continued to dominate market moves in London and around the world.

Irish budget airline Ryanair posted its fourth straight set of stellar monthly passenger growth in March despite strikes by French aviation unions.

Annuity provider Just Retirement has completed its £1.6billion merger with rival Partnership Assurance as the pair bid to shore up positions in the much changed UK pensions market.

'We are at a tipping point,' says Charlie Peppiatt, chief executive ofStadium Group, as he runs through the latest results presentation.

 Millions of households could miss out on post deliveries across the UK when Royal Mail managers vote on whether to strike over a new pay deal unions have described as 'paltry'.

John Vincent, 44, is co-founder of fast food chain Leon, which has 34 restaurants across the UK.

Mondi came under pressure amid concerns Russian authorities had taken a severe disliking to the paper and packaging company.

Normally during the course of takeover deals the chief executives keep their heads down and try to stay neutral and let the chairmen do the talking.

 An economic crisis in China could plunge the world economy back into recession, according to the International Monetary Fund.

One of Britain’s leading fund managers has promised a new era of lower fees and transparency, in a boost for prudent savers.

17.25:The FTSE 100 closed down 73.49 points at 6091.23 as poor services industry data, a glum update from the IMF and weak oil prices hit market sentiment.

 JOB CUTS Santander will axe several senior staff as it seeks to free up cash for its digital operation.

Motoring group AA has posted a steep fall in annual profits, as the firm counted the hefty costs associated with implementing a better IT system.

Barclays shares hit a four-year low as the High Street lender warned its so-called casino bank has suffered a grim start to the year.

American finance giant Intercontinental Exchange is poised to join the fight for control of the London Stock Exchange, disrupting plans for a German takeover.

Lower pork prices have given Cranswick a sizzling sales surge.

AIM-listed tiddler Imaginatik was in focus yesterday amid talk the controversial former boss of Quindell, Rob Terry, was secretly rebuilding a massive stake in the software consulting company ahead of making of takeover offer for the business.

Tesco's turnaround showed signs of taking shape as its sales decline slowed for the fourth month in a row.

Shares in easyJet were turbulent today after monthly traffic figures showed that the low-cost airline has struggled to keep pace with Irish rival Ryanair, which posted strong numbers yesterday.

 17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 70.40 points at 6161.63, as investors speculated about future takeover activity in the drugs sector following the collapse of the Allergan-Pfizer merger.

British drug companies Shire, AstraZeneca and GlaxoSmithKline have all been picked out as potential takeover targets for Pfizer after the US giant's tie up with Ireland's Allergan was canned earlier today.

 The steel crisis in Britain could cost the Government nearly £5bn over the next decade if urgent action is not taken.

With recent attacks to trains and planes perhaps holidaymakers are discovering their sea legs.

 One of the biggest takeover deals of all time collapsed yesterday after a crackdown on tax avoidance in the United States.

Walking through Gatwick with Bjorn Kjos is rather like accompanying a celebrity or a member of the Royal Family.

Nurofen owner Reckitt Benckiser faces fresh calls for a boardroom shake-up after handing its boss more than £23m in pay and perks.

FASHION VICTIM Swedish fashion retailer H&M, which has 264 stores in the UK, saw first-quarter profits fall nearly 30 per cent to £287m.

BP could receive a bloody nose from its shareholders over the £13.9million pay packet of chief executive Bob Dudley.

Retail giant Marks & Spencer today reported another fall in sales at its flagship clothing division, hammering home the challenge facing its new boss Steve Rowe.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed down 24.74 points at 6136.89 as London's top market reacted to another slide in the oil price.

The boss of the Co-operative Group has taken the unprecedented step of taking a pay cut for good performance.

The scale of the challenge facing Marks and Spencer’s new boss was laid bare yesterday after yet another fall in clothing sales.

Investment funds which charge high fees for the expertise of a manager but do little than mimic the stock market are not fulfilling savers’ expectations, a review by the City watchdog has revealed.

Shares in Flybe tumbled nearly 9 per cent after it became the latest airline to be held back by recent terror attacks.

Aim-listed tiddler Imaginatik leapt almost 70 per cent after Rob Terry’s investment vehicle confirmed a Daily Mail market report revealing he had begun re-building a stake in the software consulting company.

 17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 67.52 points at 6204.41 as a jump in the oil price sparked a rally on stock markets around the world.

With a lot of news out in the small cap world this week,Cyan Holdingsmanaged to catch the eye as the smart metering firm landed a £10million order win in Iran.

After complaints last year about milder winter weather hitting retailers, womenswear firmBonmarchetoday revealed that colder weather has impacted sales of its Spring ranges.

 Plans to turn around Tesco face an acid test next week amid hopes that the troubled grocer is finally on the road to recovery.

 The economy slowed dramatically at the start of the year as the crisis engulfing British industry intensified.

Travel operator Tui AG was a talking point amid rumours the Chinese are interested in purchasing its Hotelbeds division for up to £800m.

PIER SOLD Brighton Pier has been bought for £18m.

Barclays has teamed up with internet shopping giant Amazon to use its outlets as collection points for deliveries in an attempt to breathe new life into its branch network.

Welsh brewer SA Brain saw coffee sales shoot up last year, but the weather caused a slump in its core beer sales.

The Co-operative Bank and its former parent the Co-operative Group have begun talks to separate their £9 billion pension scheme.

Tesco is set to announce a surprise sales uplift this week as chief executive Dave Lewis gives a bullish appraisal of its prospects.

A major breakdown in Vodafone’s customer service has caused a huge spike in complaints to the communications watchdog, Ofcom.

Two iconic British industries are suffering dramatically different fates.

Fashion website Asos has surged in popularity, shrugging off the uncertainty dogging other retailers.

The Indian-born steel magnate planning a rescue buyout of Tata Steel’s British business has threatened to walk away unless a deal can be reached to make it profitable almost from day one.

Inflation has risen to a 15-month high, but an increase in interest rates is still a year away, say City economists.

Some 1,700 investors in failed tax and property schemes have had their claims against independent financial advisers sold to a law firm for £100,000 – an average of just £60 each.

Jayne-Anne Gadhia has never forgotten some startling advice she was given by a male boss early in her career.

Frozen food chain Iceland has vowed to take on rival discounters Aldi and Lidl with the expansion of its Food Warehouse format.

Australian investor Macquarie is seeking to sell its remaining stake in Thames Water, ten years after buying the company, sources say.

Negative interest rates are the right policy for the world economy, the International Monetary Fund has said, despite some loud warnings about their side effects from a fund management boss.

When I first left university I landed a temporary job working with a team of accountants who travelled up and down the country logging pieces of equipment for a fixed asset database.

Hull-based sausage maker Cranswick has snapped up poultry producer Crown Chicken in a £40million deal as it seeks to expand its non-pork range.

The owner of the Daily Mail newspaper and DailyMail.com is eyeing up a bid for US tech giant Yahoo.

17.15 (close):Commodity stocks have surged ahead on the London market, buoyed by the weakening dollar and a rebound in the price of oil.

Shares in housebuilders were on shaky foundations on Monday amid fears about a slowdown at the top end of the London property market.

The UK competition watchdog has joined the chorus of opposition to the £10.3billion tie-up of Three and O2 after its boss urged Brussels to block the deal.

British consumers will soon have far less choice if David Dyson has his way.

German politicians are piling pressure on a potential buyer of the London Stock Exchange to abandon its promises and base the institution’s head office in Frankfurt.

 17.15:The FTSE 100 closed up 42.27 points at 6242.39 as the oil price rose on hopes a deal to curb production is in the works.

Tesco has agreed the sale of an 8.6 per cent stake in southeast Asian online retailer Lazada to Alibaba Group for £90million as the firm gears up to offload loss-making businesses.

Passengers on budget carrier Ryanair will enjoy lower air fares and be able to rate how good or bad their flight experience was, in further changes instigated by the rehabilitated airline As part of its 'Always Getting Better' scheme, the Irish airline said it will continue to reduce the amount of lurid yellow in its on-board interiors and alter its mobile app so people can upgrade seats, reserve an airport parking spot and arrange fast-tracked boarding in advance.

Online fashion favourite ASOS has enjoyed an 18 per cent rise in pre-tax profits in the six months to the end of February as more customers used its websites.

The blue-chip index of leading shares put on a late rally fuelled by gains in the price of oil, following reports that Russia and Saudi Arabia have reached agreement on output cuts ahead of a heavily-anticipated meeting of oil-producing nations on Sunday.

HSBC risks losing its US banking licence if US authorities decide to investigate and find it has acted improperly over the Panama Papers tax leaks, experts warned.

Tesco boss David Lewis hailed an extraordinary turnaround today after the supermarket giant recorded a £162m profit just a year after suffering one of the biggest losses in corporate history.

 17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 120.50 points at 6362.89 - its peak of the year, after markets got off to a dismal start in 2016.

A bounce back by its cycles business and a solid performance from its car maintenance operations helped drive sales growth at retailer Halfords Group, propelling its shares 8 per cent higher today.

Shares in Premier Foods slumped by almost 30 per cent this morning after Schwartz spice firm McCormick & Company abandoned its takeover pursuit of the Mr Kipling cakes maker.

The City was awash with rumours after Providence Resources and Lansdowne Oil & Gas suspended their shares yesterday morning.

Tesco returned to profit after a record loss and is set to reward every member of staff with a bonus next month.

Tata Steel is thought to have privately set a deadline of the end of May to find a buyer for its UK steel operations.

17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 2.21 points at 6365.10, as investors digested shaky bank earnings and low inflation data out of the US.

Royal Bank of Scotland will cut 600 jobs at its high street bank Natwest and shut 32 regional branches in an effort to slash costs.

Burberry shares took a knock this morning after the luxury fashion firm posted a decline in half year sales and warned that profits for next year will come in under-cooked.

Debenhams boss Michael Sharp today unveiled rising profits and strong UK sales growth in what could be his last set of results as he confirmed he is to leave the firm when a successor is appointed.

Entertainment One kept investors gripped yesterday.

A fall in Chinese shoppers travelling to the UK to do their shopping and the affects of the oil slump on the Middle East have hit the performance of British brands Burberry and Mothercare.

The deputy chairman of fashionable furniture store Dunelm has sold shares worth £73million.

The boards of some of Britain’s biggest companies are braced for a wave of investor anger – following the staggering revolt over executive pay at oil giant BP.

Two crusading US senators are urging an American crackdown on HSBC and other banks at the heart of the Panama Papers tax avoidance scandal.

The multi-million-pound earning bosses of investment giant Schroders, miner Anglo American and drugs group Shire are next on the shareholder spring hit list.

Shareholders in online advertising business Phorm will lose every penny of the £201million invested after the company declared it had gone bust.

Malcolm Walker is chief executive of Iceland, the frozen food store which he started in 1970.

Waitrose is to export its products to China for the first time in a deal with internet giant Alibaba.

Poundland found itself in the bargain bin again yesterday.

B&Q owner Kingfisher has agreed to pay more than £2million in salary and bonuses to its former UK chief.

17.25 (close):The London market struggled to make headway as the falling price of crude dragged on stocks after a key meeting of oil producers ended in stalemate.

The boss of British Gas owner Centrica has faced investor anger over his £3million pay package during the company's annual general meeting.

Scholl's electronic nail files and gel insoles for shoes helped sales climb at household brands giant Reckitt Benckiser - with Durex condoms, Gaviscon heartburn relief and Strepsils throat lozenges also helping out.

Financial markets fell today as crude prices dropped after the world's major producing nations failed to strike a deal on Sunday to freeze oil production, saying they needed more time to agree a deal.

Energy Assets Group saw its shares surge almost 40 per cent after US infrastructure investment group Alinda Funds revealed it would be purchasing the Scottish-based firm through its company BidCo.

A global supplier of crocodile and alligator skin to some of Europe’s top luxury brands has begun feeding the animals corn to make them larger and more profitable.

A row has erupted over a takeover of the London Stock Exchange after bosses behind the bid appeared to suggest its headquarters could move to Germany.

GATWICK GUSHERThe company behind plans to extract oil from the ground around Gatwick Airport has increased its stake in the venture.

China has stoked fury by accusing the West of lazy and lame excuses over the steel crisis.

MEDIA TITAN WITH A £62m SHARE PERK WPP’s founder and chief executive Martin Sorrell enjoys one of the biggest pay bundles in British history, second only to Bart Becht, boss of Reckitt Benckiser.

17.30 (close):The FTSE-100 index at the close was up 51.83 at 6405.35.

Budget fashion retailer Primark has suffered a 3 per cent dip in half-year profits after a warm winter hit demand for clothes.

 Stella and Budweiser brewer Anheuser-Busch InBev has agreed a £2billion deal to sell European lagers Peroni and Grolsch to Japan's Asahi in a move aimed at smoothing its takeover of SABMiller.

Meat-free options are proving a storming success at Pret A Manger, as Brits look for healthier alternatives to carb-packed protein-based snacks and sandwiches for lunch.

Property website Zoopla has stolen a march on its rivals by snapping up a software firm for £75million - giving it access directly to 8,000 estate agent branches across the UK.

Rio Tinto has cut its 2017 production guidance from its iron ore mines due to a delay in the rollout of its driverless trains.

Equity crowdfunding firms have welcomed steps to help small investors get a fairer deal after the UK’s financial watchdog last week unveiled plans to tackle ‘anti-competitive practices’ in the way investment banks manage stock market flotations.

17.30 (close):The FTSE-100 index at the close was up 51.83 at 6405.35.

Britain is heading for another 'bust' in the property market as the global economy lurches back into crisis, according to one of Britain's biggest landlords.

 British technology giant ARM Holdings has posted double digit profit and revenue growth for the first quarter as it shrugged off concerns about an increasingly 'saturated' smartphone market.

Britain's ageing population has helped revenues at McCarthy & Stone leap by a third as the retirement homes specialist flogged more properties at higher prices to the over-60s.

Stock Spirits has urged investors to reject the plans of an activist who wants to shake up the company.

 17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 4.91 points at 6410.26 as traders remained cautious after a modest rise in the oil price.

Kebabs and microwave meals may have once been able to tempt even the healthiest gym goers – but this may no longer the case.

Health and beauty giant Johnson & Johnson has been forced to rethink its babycare products after losing out to rivals selling organic alternatives.

British workers have been warned that they are being robbed of decent pay rises by ultra-low levels of inflation.

A boom in extensions and home improvements has boosted building merchant Travis Perkins.

PUB HOPESPunch Taverns has sold a clutch of boozers to help pay down its debt mountain.

Allied Minds was at the forefront of investors’ minds yesterday.

 17.15:The FTSE 100 closed down 28.82 points at 6381.44 after the European Central Bank failed to announce any fresh action to stimulate the eurozone economy.

Sky shares have dropped, despite the payTV firm posting a rise in profits and revenues, as it saw 177,000 new customers join in the three months to March, 160,000 fewer than the previous quarter.

Pampered pooches helped retailer Pets At Home report a 3.2 per cent jump in sales in the last three months.

Record numbers of spectators visited Britain’s most popular racecourses last year – but bookmakers are nursing heavy losses after a successful Cheltenham Festival for punters.

European electricals retailer Darty had its best day on the stock market as an excitable bidding war for the firm broke out.

An engineering giant which makes X-ray scanners and devices to detect explosives has snapped up a rival firm for £559million.

BRICK FLOATBritain’s second biggest brick maker joined the stock market in London yesterday with a value of £360million.

One of Britain’s oldest investment groups is hoping to appoint its chief executive as chairman – despite having refused to back similar changes at other firms 40 per cent of the time.

The new boss of Marks & Spencer has reshuffled its key womenswear team to match how women actually shop.

17.50:In London, it was a torrid day of trading for blue-chip oil and mining companies, with Glencore tumbling nearly 3 per cent or 5p to 161.8p on falling copper prices.

Kent sparkling winemaker Chapel Down continues to show that English vineyards are catching up with established French producers as it today revealed a 34 per cent rise in revenues for 2015.

HSBC pledged to change the pay policy for its executives in the wake of complaints from shareholders, who nevertheless overwhelmingly backed the bank's remuneration report at the annual general meeting today.

88 Energy was again in the spotlight for small cap investors this week as the shale oil explorer arranged a massively over-subscribed share sale.

Nick Wheeler, the founder of upmarket shirt retailer Charles Tyrwhitt, has enjoyed yet another impressive payday as turnover and profits at his company continued to soar.

Barclays is facing criticism over the salary of new chief executive Jes Staley as it prepares to face investors at its traditionally stormy annual meeting.

Online fashion retailerBoohoois expected to unveil a surge in profits this week after sales rose by more than a third.

A successful bid by Wyevale Garden Centres to buy rival Dobbies would put hundreds of jobs at risk, sources have told The Mail on Sunday.

Leisure giant Whitbread is expected to unveil profits of more than £500million when it publishes its full-year results on Tuesday.

Britain's retailers are still ‘on the ropes’ according to a leading accountancy group.

BUY THISBerenberg has a buy rating on the group behind the Costa coffee and Premier Inn chains.

 DEPARTMENT SALEChinese tycoon Yuan Yafei could be putting House of Fraser on the market.

Shareholders will no longer stand idly by and tolerate undeserved fat cat wages, a top investment company has said.

Samantha Cameron’s stepfather is in line to share a £40million windfall after selling part of the TV production business behind hit children’s show Octonauts.

Diamond giant De Beers is leaving its London headquarters after almost a century as part of a cost-cutting drive.

 17.40:The FTSE 100 closed down 49.52 points at 6260.92, as weak commodity prices took a toll on miners and other big-hitting stocks.

 High street firm BHS has collapsed into administration, putting 11,000 jobs at risk and threatening the closure of up to 164 stores.

UK factory output stabilised over the three months to April, according to a survey published today, although export orders remain a cause for concern for manufacturing firms.

Oil giant Shell is pushing ahead with plans to cut jobs and close three offices following its billion dollar takeover of rival BG Group earlier this year.

Is it time to take a second look at Seeing Machines?

Speeding down Route 101 at a cool 70mph heading into San Francisco, I’m with a driver whose arms are folded.

SHELL CLOSURESThe takeover of BG Group by Royal Dutch Shell will see the gas giant’s Reading head office closed as part of its plan to cull 10,300 jobs worldwide.

Loss-making Royal Bank of Scotland could be facing a £1billion damages claim over allegations it destroyed small businesses for a profit.

Kodak may have missed the boat when it came to successfully producing digital cameras but it hopes to have better luck with its camera phone.

Thomas Cook is believed to have held talks with rival airlines about selling its fleet of 91 aircraft.

The founder of scandal-hit credit card firm CPP appears to have won a battle to sack its board and regain control.

 17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 23.60 points at 6284.52 as the oil price firmed at around $46 and traders geared up for Apple results and a US Federal Reserve interest rate decision tomorrow.

 Shares in under-pressure oil giant BP have risen by more than 3 per cent this morning as better than expected first quarter earnings meant it maintained its dividend payout.

 Strong demand for denim, swimwear and lingerie helped online fashion retailer Boohoo.com notch-up a 42 per cent jump in pretax profits, showing the strength of the web as high street chains suffer.

Further evidence that uncertainty over the EU membership referendum is impacting the housing market came today with a slowdown warning from estate agency chain Countrywide.

WPP BUYMartin Sorrell’s WPP has completed another acquisition ahead of its annual report due out this week.

Costa Coffee has declared war on queues and plans to banish them from its stores.

Cobham shares plunged nearly 18 per cent as the British engineer was rocked by a financial scandal in one of its electronics divisions.

Sterling raced to a 12-week high against the dollar yesterday as investors brushed off fears about Britain leaving the European Union.

BP has reported a loss of £334million just a fortnight after boss Bob Dudley faced a shareholder revolt over his £13.8million pay deal.

Carpetright shares hit the floor yesterday after a fourth-quarter trading update – despite seeming to have not done much wrong.

The stuff of countless comedy sketches, it will probably prompt rueful smiles of recognition from women working in offices up and down the country.

The London Stock Exchange must be headquartered in Frankfurt if Britain leaves the European Union, German bosses have said.

    Banking giant Barclays saw profits tumble by a quarter in the first three months of the year, hit by tough trading at its investment banking arm.

 17.15:The FTSE 100 closed up 35.39 points at 6319.91 as traders awaited the US Federal Reserve's latest update on future interest rate moves.

Each UK worker will lose the equivalent of a month's salary by 2020 if Britain leave the European Union, a leading global institution claimed today.

Apple shares have tumbled 7 per cent at the opening bell on Wall Street after the tech giant revealed its first drop in revenues since 2003 and a fall in sales of its handsets.

Argos-owner Home Retail Group has posted an annual pretax loss of £804million, after being hit with a one-off £852million 'goodwill impairment charge' linked toSainsbury's agreed takeover bid.

Estate agent Foxtons has warned it faces a ‘challenging’ summer after booming demand from landlords led to a surge in business at the start of the year.

Investors said ‘over and out’ to Sepura yesterday as its shares plummeted 48 per cent following a trading update.

The Yorkshire ice cream maker behind Fab lollies has signed a huge joint venture with Nestle.

The boss of one of Britain’s biggest smoke alarm manufacturers has warned up to 10 per cent of jobs could be cut as it reels from the fallout of a product malfunction.

The boss of Rolls-Royce has told senior managers to cut costs even more after an internal report found it could make an extra £1billion if it improved margins to match rivals.

PHOTO FINISHSupermarket chain Asda is in talks to sell its photo division to Photo-Me.

17.20 (close):London's top-flight index recovered from early falls but struggled to make gains as a dismal performance from banking stocks weighed heavy on the market.

 High Street banking giant Lloyds' profits almost halved in the first three months of the year due to the cost of its controversial move to buy back bonds from investors.

Royal Bank of Scotland shares were hit today when the part-state owned lender revealed that it risks missing a deadline to sell its Williams & Glyn brand and will suffer ‘significantly greater’ costs as a result.

 Housebuilder Taylor Wimpey has said it is 'well-equipped' to handle any potential fallout linked to June's European Union membership referendum as it reported a solid start to the year today.

17.20 (close):London's top-flight index recovered from early falls but struggled to make gains as a dismal performance from banking stocks weighed heavy on the market.

Victrex shares faltered yesterday after the firm revealed that it had been the subject of an inquiry by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) in the US.

Facebook has thrashed Twitter in the first part of 2015, making £1billion profit while its rival made a multi-million loss, writes Emily Davies.

The economic slowdown in the United States was even sharper than in the United Kingdom at the start of the year – sparking fresh fears for the global outlook.

The boss of giant advertising firm WPP has says he is not ashamed by the success of the company which has seen him pocket around £70million a year.

 Shares in West Africa-focused oil explorer Tullow Oil rose nearly 8 per cent after lenders agreed to extend its loans.

SONY SOARSSony is back in the black with soaring profits thanks to the continued popularity of the Playstation.

Families putting in new kitchens rather than moving home have boosted sales for Howdens Joinery Group.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed down 80.51 points at 6241.89 as traders digest a week's worth of disappointing results from top banks.

Royal Bank of Scotland losses have more than doubled to nearly a billion after the giant was forced to make a one-off large payment to the government to restart its dividends.

British Airways owner IAG has warned that business slowed in March after people were put off flying following the Brussels terrorist attacks.

O2 has reported a rise in profits as it awaits a verdict from the European regulators on its merger with Three.

Restaurant Group was off the menu yesterday after a profit warning sent the share price spiralling.

Time Out could soon float on the London Stock Exchange in a listing which would value it at £200million.

Amazon surged to a £351million profit on the back of rocketing sales of its Amazon Prime TV service and readers buying Kindles.

Fat-cat bankers and miners grounded from taking foreign trips by belt tightening bosses have caused sales to slump at British Airways owner IAG.

Two more British blue chips have been dragged into the row over fat-cat pay after facing a revolt from shareholders.

Investors are being urged to flex their muscles on executive pay this week as more than a dozen FTSE 100 giants face votes on sky-high pay deals in what could be a revival of 2012's shareholder spring.

HSBC’s profits are expected to have plunged by more than half to $3 billion (£2 billion) for the first three months of the year after it suffered huge declines in its investment banking arm.

Leading energy companies are deciding whether to take legal action against the Competition & Markets Authority over its claims they have overcharged customers.

Tory MP Sir Alan Duncan is under fire for refusing to help workers in his constituency in their battle with a firm whose owners have contributed thousands of pounds to his local Conservative Association.

BT will report a sharp rise in annual profits this week – just days after it hiked prices for millions of landline and broadband customers.

Private sector growth picked up in the three months to April, according to the latest Growth Indicator survey from the Confederation of British Industry.

Rolls-Royce has won the contract to design the £200million ‘Boaty McBoatface’ polar research vessel.

Metals tycoon Sanjeev Gupta is seeking a $1billion (£684million) war chest to rescue the UK arm of Tata Steel and has lined up investment bank Macquarie as a backer.

Nurofen-owner Reckitt Benckiser faces a shareholder backlash this week after handing its boss more than £23million in pay and perks.

Defence giant Qinetiq has won an important contract to develop a system capable of controlling a number of drones simultaneously.

Claims-chasing law firm Slater & Gordon, which bought most of scandal-hit accountancy company Quindell, has boosted its battle for survival.

Deutsche Bank has been sharply criticised by the City watchdog for ‘serious’ and ‘systemic’ failings in its anti-money laundering controls.

The world’s biggest fund is to use its huge influence to vote against fat cat pay and boardroom bad behaviour.

Star US investor Carl Icahn has sold a stake in Apple worth £3billion following its disappointing results for the start of this year.

Facebook is so concerned about safety of boss Mark Zuckerberg that his security costs are now more than ten times those of British prime ministers.

 17.15:The FTSE 100 closed down 56.30 points at 6185.59 as poor Chinese factory data reignited fears of a slowdown in global economic growth.

Banking giant HSBC posted a smaller-than-expected drop in first quarter profits, despite earnings diving by almost a fifth.

Aberdeen Asset Management shares took a tumble today, after the funds firm announced that profits nearly halved in its first half as it continues to suffer amid a rout in emerging financial markets.

Doug Doerfler has put in a lot of hard yards already getting, the company he founded, to this exciting phase of its development.

Hungry diners ordered 31.5 million takeaways via delivery marketplace Just Eat in the first three months of 2016, leading the FTSE 250 group to raise its expectations for the full year.

HSBC could be forced to cut its dividend after posting a dramatic fall in profits.

Affable hedge fund tycoon and former Tory treasurer, Lord Fink, hosted lavish celebrations last weekend to mark the recent wedding of his son Alex to girlfriend Sarah-Jayne.

Car trouble Drivers switching from BMW’s luxury sedans to 4x4s produced by their rivals have caused the German car maker to miss forecasts and post lower quarterly operating profit.

Insurance shares were at a premium ahead of a week of results for the sector.

Whitbread has bought a 49 per cent stake in the owner of sandwich and salad chain Pure for £6.8million.

 17.35:The FTSE 100 closed down 73.57 points at 6112.02 as fears about global growth knocked commodity stocks for a second day running.

Shell has posted a hefty fall in profits in its first set of results since its mega-merger with BG Group as the oil giant continues to be hurt by low crude prices.

Builders had a tough time in April as growth in the construction sector slowed to its lowest level for almost three years, amid 'clouds of uncertainty' ahead of next month's EU referendum.

Unseasonal weather has again hit trading at retailer Next, which warned that its sales and profits could fall further this year and raised fears over a possible further slowdown in consumer spending.

Shares in the London Stock Exchange dropped 10 per cent in early afternoon trading after the owner of the New York Stock Exchange said it will not pursue a takeover of the UK bourse operator.

FTSE 100 tobacco giant Imperial Brands is eyeing up a return to Cuba to make high-end cigars now that the communist island- state has been opened for business once more.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up just 5.23 points at 6117.25 as traders continued to fret about global growth prospects following poor factory data from China earlier this week.

Entrepreneur Waheed Alli, one of the few openly gay Muslims in British public life, has ploughed nearly £6million into Koovs.

British Gas owner Centrica was the biggest faller on the FTSE 100 today after it announced it was looking to raise £750million through a share sale to help it cut its debts and buy two rivals.

Trinity Mirror’s tabloid the New Day will shut down just two months since its launch after it failed to attract a new newspaper readership, it was revealed today.

 The boss of Morrisons hailed an ongoing recovery today as a surge in takeaway food sales helped it report a second quarter of sales growth going into 2016.

BT has announced a major investment to upgrade its network as it reported a sharp jump in full year profits and rising customers - just days after it hiked prices for landline and broadband packages.

The UK economy has 'near stalled' in the second quarter as the key servcies sector suffered a sharp slowdown thanks to the nervousness of consumers and businesses ahead of the upcoming European Union referendum.

The owners of Hotel Chocolat are set to pocket more than £20million each as the company confirmed details today of its float on London stock market.

A new advertising campaign drove up sales at price comparison site Gocompare.

Provident Financial – the lender for borrowers with poor credit records – has been boosted by the booming car loan market despite a gradual decline in its traditional business.

The Beatles-themed Hard Days Night hotel in Liverpool has given Millennium & Copthorne a much-needed boost.

Shares in Centrica had a power cut yesterday after it revealed plans to raise funds equivalent to 7 per cent of its current issued share capital.

 Burberry is understood to be considering hiring a senior executive to work with under-pressure boss Christopher Bailey to appease investor concern about the company’s flagging sales.

Britain's biggest care home group could run out of cash and collapse later this year, credit agency Moody's has warned.

British Airways may be forced to axe more routes as the global squeeze on travel continues to bite.

The boss of Rolls-Royce has warned shareholders the company faces a challenging future after five profit warnings in the past two years.

BT has launched a charm offensive to wow its City doubters by pledging to invest £6billion to deliver faster broadband and mobile phones, and a vast improvement in its customer service.

Crash bangChemring Group has bought part of Wallop Defence Systems, whose products help aircraft defend themselves.

Former banking boss Stephen Hester is betting on a turnaround at insurer RSA after it reported a solid start to the year.

 17.15:The FTSE 100 closed up 8.45 points at 6125.70, as traders digested weaker than expected US jobs growth figures that will probably curb speculation about a rate rise across the Atlantic next month.

Insurer Hastings Group has seen its share of the UK private motor market rise to 6 per cent from 5.3 per cent as it reported a 22 per cent jump in first quarter revenues to £132.7million.

The founder of stockbroker Numis Securities is set to step down as chief executive after 25 years at the helm.

The price of salmon has leapt as supply is squeezed due to disease and toxic waters.

Shares in Interserve plunged nearly 16.5 per cent to a four-year low after the construction company warned of delays and mounting costs on a major project.

Burberry's under-pressure boss is to unveil a strategy to combat its tumbling share price in the floundering luxury goods sector.

Inmarsat found itself under fire again yesterday while still reeling from a profit warning on Thursday.

INSURANCE BOOSTSales at Hastings rose 22 per cent to £132.7million in the first quarter as the insurance firm increased its market share.

King of Shaves is back in profit for the first time since 2009 after axing staff and switching sales of razors and blades online, accounts to be filed next week will show.

The price of steel has risen sharply since the start of the year, boosting hopes that Tata Steel UK might be sold in its entirety rather than being broken up.

A resurgent shareholder spring is in the offing as investors in some of Britain’s biggest and best known companies including Lloyds Bank and ITV are being urged to clamp down on huge handouts to bosses.

Former Barclays boss Antony Jenkins has been meeting dozens of financial technology entrepreneurs as he prepares to launch his own venture to transform the world of banking.

Recent terror attacks in Brussels, Paris, Egypt and Turkey will have hit travel companies such as budget airline easyJet and tour operator TUI, which both report half-year results this week, say analysts.

Lord Allen, former ITV boss and chairman of food giant Boparan Holdings, has missed out on performance-related bonuses worth £350,000 as revenues fell and losses increased last year.

Budget chain Pure Gym has recorded a 50 per cent jump in membership after its takeover of rival LA Fitness last year.

TRADE WOE China’s trade shrank in April in a worrisome sign for the world’s second-largest economy.

The owner of fake tan brand St Tropez is pinning its hopes on a new bronzing lotion that is applied in the shower following record sales last year.

BUY THIS: BT The telecoms group last week announced it would invest £6bn into its broadband services in a bid to get ultrafast internet to 10m UK homes.

The City watchdog could be asked to investigate shamed credit card firm CPP after a boardroom coup by its founder Hamish Ogston.

Jaguar Land Rover is celebrating its best ever April with plans for up to 1,000 new jobs for ex-military personnel.

 Interest rates could be cut in the coming months and will not rise until late 2019, according to investors.

17.25 (close):The FTSE-100 index at the close was down 10.89 at 6114.81.

Greggs has recorded a robust first quarter performance, after sales of salads and flat whites helped boost sales at the baker.

G4S enjoyed its biggest share price rise in five years today as the security firm revealed it had avoided further pain on loss-making deals and won new contracts despite an 'uncertain' trading climate.

17.25 (close):The FTSE-100 index at the close was down 10.89 at 6114.81.

 Last week a group of anonymous figures with the awesome brainpower required to work among the elite economists of the International Monetary Fund slipped quietly into London to go through an annual ritual.

Shares in pet healthcare specialist Premier Veterinary Group tumbled nearly 16 per cent yesterday after it plunged deeper into the red as it looks to expand in the United States.

Undertaker chain Dignity has urged the Government to reuse old burial sites in the face of a graveyard overcrowding crisis.

The world’s biggest oil company looks set to join the London Stock Exchange in the biggest share listing of all time.

After months of falls investors in Imagination Technologies were given a boost as shares leapt 11 per cent yesterday.

 A mum-of three who quit her job because she was tired of the commute has won an award dubbed the Oscar of women in business.

Budget airline easyJet suffered a £24million half-year loss after a spate of terrorist attacks and currency fluctuations took their toll.

17.15 (close):London's FTSE 100 Index closed higher thanks to a spike in the oil price and a share price hike for budget airline easyJet.

Britain's trade gap widened in the first three months of the year to its biggest disparity since the financial crisis, adding to a spate of data showing that the UK economy has stalled ahead of the upcoming EU referendum.

Googlebox and BAFTA-winning First Dates broadcaster Channel 4 saw its revenues rise to a record £979million last year, up from £938million a year earlier.

17.15 (close):London's FTSE 100 Index closed higher thanks to a spike in the oil price and a share price hike for budget airline easyJet.

Swiss bank giant Credit Suisse confirmed it started the year with a loss for the first time since 2008, after suffering 'some of the most difficult markets on record'.

Cash-strapped care homes are cherry-picking new residents by making elderly applicants prove they can afford a place.

Complaints about popular do-it-yourself pensions are soaring as savers are duped into unsuitable investments.

So-called peer-to-peer lending has been heralded as the future of saving and as a way for businesses small and large to secure funding.

BUYERS AWAREBovis Homes has brushed off concerns that the referendum on Britain’s membership of the European Union is putting off house buyers.

Kim Winser is on a mission to make it as easy for working women to get dressed in the morning as it is for their male counterparts.

Angus Thirlwell, 53, co-founded Hotel Chocolat in 1988.

A London-based bank that is backed by British taxpayers looks set to plough even more money into Greece’s basket case financial system.

Saudi Arabia's state-owned oil giant Aramco promises thousands of new jobs and will step up production as it finalises details of its float.

Easy Jet staved off a legal row with founder Stelios Haji-Ioannou as it hiked its dividend despite making a loss.

17.15 (close):London's blue chip share index edged higher after oil prices staged a late session rally and heavily-weighted miners gained ground.

Housebuilder Barratt Developments plans to ramp up its activity this year by increasing by a quarter the number of plots it brings forward for development.

Thriving public houses chain The City Pub Group plans a £15million stock market listing next year, after swinging in to profit for the first time in 2015.

The £10.3billion takeover of mobile operator O2 by the owner of its rival UK network Three has been blocked by the European Union because it would be bad for British consumers.

17.15 (close):London's blue chip share index edged higher after oil prices staged a late session rally and heavily-weighted miners gained ground.

Catering giant Compass has won a contract to serve food at the new stadium in Las Vegas where British boxing champion Amir Khan was knocked out last weekend.

The former chief executive of Costa Coffee owner Whitbread received a £2.4million pay package despite stepping down as chief executive more than three months before the end of the year.

OIL SLIPOil services company John Wood Group issued a profit warning as the continued falls in the price of crude continues to hit.

Tycoon Sir Philip Green looks set for a bitter row with pensions regulator after launching an attack on its role in the sale of BHS, writes Laura Chesters.

Business leaders have called on the Government to finally give the green light to a third runway at Heathrow after the airport promised to curb noise and pollution.

Purplebricks should have laid the foundations for a good day on the market, but instead of building on its success, investors were selling up.

A £10.3billion takeover of the O2 mobile phone network by rivals Three has been blocked by the European Commission in a move that could spell the end of telecoms mega-mergers.

The Bank of England became the latest financial big-hitter to come out against Brexit today as it warned leaving the European Union could 'materially' hit UK growth.

ITV has warned that fears over a European Union 'Brexit' are having an impact on advertising, but it still reported growing overall revenues thanks to a strong performance by its production arm.

SuperGroup, the company behind the Superdry fashion label, was the biggest riser on the FTSE 250 today after it bucked the gloomy retail sector trend with better-than-expected sales.

A £42million hit from last October's cyber attack saw full year profits at broadband and telecoms provider TalkTalk more than halve, but the group said its business was bouncing back ‘strongly’.

17.10 (close):The London market fell after a stark warning from Bank of England boss Mark Carney that a vote to leave the EU could hit UK growth and jobs.

Demand for gold rose to its highest-ever level for a first quarter this year as investors responded to uncertain economic times by stocking up on the safe-haven commodity.

17.10 (close):The London market fell after a stark warning from Bank of England boss Mark Carney that a vote to leave the EU could hit UK growth and jobs.

It is enough to make you want to leave the country, not just the EU.

DMGT CHIEFThe Daily Mail and General Trust has found a new chief executive to replace Martin Morgan, who is retiring after 27 years at the helm.

It was eyes down for investors as Rank Group’s update reported a full house of revenue growth.

 Marks  & Spencer’s new boss Steve Rowe continued his shake-up with a reshuffle of his top team.

The pension of thousands of steelworkers could be slashed by 15 per cent as part of plans to save the UK steel industry.

It may have become famous for its trucks, but it was woodchips, plane rentals and airports that boosted sales for Stobart Group.

17.00:The FTSE 100 index at the close was up 34.31 at 6138.50.

Fears for the economy mounted today with data showing a shock fall in output from the construction industry and the International Monetary Fund adding its voice to warnings that a Brexit could be 'very' damaging for the UK.

Nothing, it seems, can stop the inexorable rise in the share price ofStrategic Minerals, though it did have a pause for breath this week.

Tesco chief executive Dave Lewis, who recently returned the supermarket to profit, was paid £4.6million last year after being awarded a bonus of almost £3million.

Motorpoint had a strong debut on the London market, netting the founder of the used car dealer a multi-million-pound fortune.

Could delivering pina colada prawns or Acapulco chicken fajitas save ailing food chain Chiquito?

The owner of fashion chain Monsoon looks to have paid himself a £19.6million dividend despite tumbling sales.

Tracking down shares which pay a meaty dividend is the Holy Grail for savers in need of a regular income.

Almost £140billion has been wiped off the value of Apple as investors fear the world's biggest company many have run out of big ideas.

ESSEX PARKNickelodeon has teamed up with an Essex shopping centre to open a theme park.

Andy Brown, one of the UK’s top fund managers, has collected a massive £29million dividend thanks to a jump in sales and profits at his asset management firm, Cedar Rock Capital.

Sir Keith Mills, the man behind Air Miles and the Nectar card, and who headed Britain’s 2012 Olympics bid, used an offshore company to buy a Caribbean holiday home.

European missile giant MBDA is poised to win a £411million contract from the Ministry of Defence to develop the Spear 3 weapon.

Research has revealed that just one in eight UK stock market listings over the past two years was offered to the public, a month after the FCA launched a crackdown on anti-competitive behaviour.

 A £3.5billion gas development to the west of the Shetland Islands by French giant Total is a welcome boost to the struggling North Sea industry.

Sales of luxury goods around the world have slumped but a British upmarket watch retailer has bucked the trend and is planning to open stores across the UK.

BURBERRY BLUESBurberry could face a 7 per cent fall in profits this week due to a slowdown in Chinese spending.

 17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 12.9 points at 6151.40 as investors responded to a jump in the oil price and an upbeat opening on Wall Street.

The Confederation of British Industry has added its voice to the chorus warning that uncertainty ahead of next month’s European Union referendum is beginning to weigh on investment.

Barclays is selling a secret precious metals vault to the Chinese as part of moves to get rid of unwanted bits of its business.

Warren Buffett has taken a major gamble on the tech industry by making a £695m bet on Apple and offering to bank-roll a bid for struggling search engine Yahoo.

Vodka maker Stock Spirits is about to be engulfed in a boardroom war as millionaire investor Luis Amaral leads a coup against chairman David Maloney.

Britain's largest water company has run up a £250m black hole in its pension pot while its foreign owners have pocketed almost £2bn in dividends.

 G4S hopes to offer banking services on the High Street in a move which could help save rural branches.

Lonmin’s shares shone through by climbing almost 20 per cent after it turned a £4m first-half loss a year ago into earnings of £25m.

 The chairman of AIM-listed Caledonia Mining was left red-faced and around £17,000 out of pocket yesterday after his broker sold his entire shareholding in the firm without his knowledge.

17.35:The FTSE 100 closed up 16.37 points at 6167.77 as investors digested a rise in the oil price and inflation data from both sides of the Atlantic.

Mobile phones giant Vodafone has notched up its first growth in annual revenue and earnings since 2008, driven by international growth and an investment splurge, and expects that to continue.

Shareholders in Taylor Wimpey got a big boost today after the housebuilder upgraded its profit guidance and pledged to pay out more in dividends as it heralded growth in the UK housing market.

The boss of the company behind Mr Kipling's cakes has defended the company's decision to reject three takeover offers from US-based food giant McCormick.

Families who loyally renew their private health cover each year are in danger of being fleeced by cynical insurers.

ITALIAN JOBSTwo Italian banks are axing 1,800 jobs as fears grow for the nation’s creaking financial system.

One of the most outspoken critics of corporate excess has faced an embarrassing shareholder revolt over his own £3.6million pay packet.

The Queen's favourite chocolatier has created a £90 box of treats, weighing 1kg, to celebrate Her Majesty's 90th birthday as it toasted a 27 per cent rise in sales.

Dragons' Den star Duncan Bannatyne is set to float his gym and spa chain on the stock market – valuing his stake in the business at £225m.

The chairman of fast-growing homeware retailer Dunelm has snapped up shares worth £500,000.

It was a day of downgrades on the stock market.

Vodafone saw profits and revenues fall after splashing out £19billion on its network and service – and still missed targets.

The British labour market is holding steady ahead of the EU referendum next month, but there is evidence that jobs creation could be 'cooling off' ahead of the all-important vote.

 17.25:The FTSE 100 closed down 1.97 points at 6165.80 after a new EU poll gave the 'remain' side an 18-point lead over the 'leave' camp.

Burberry has unveiled plans to slash costs and streamline its business after the luxury retailer suffered a steep fall in profits.

ARM Holdings has laid bare plans to become a global leader in security systems and technology that connects all the gadgets in homes via phones, after paying £242m for a specialist in imaging technology.

Britain's second biggest energy firm has posted profits of £1.5bn despite losing 370,000 customers.

 Zotefoams is a world leader in cellular material technology – that’s foam and insulation to us laymen.

A fifth of fashion lines at Burberry are to be axed, along with jobs and £100m of costs as under-fire boss Christopher Bailey tries to revive the iconic British brand.

Entrepreneur Luke Johnson’s appetite for buying restaurant chains appeared insatiable as he considers gobbling up Tesco-owned Giraffe after swallowing a stake in Argentinian chain Gaucho.

The bosses of some of Britain’s biggest companies are set to be publicly quizzed over black holes in their pension schemes.

Royal Mailhas revealed a slump in profits as British households continue to send fewer letters and its parcel post revenues are eaten into by a growing number of specialist delivery firms.

 17.35:The FTSE 100 closed down 112.45 points at 6053.35 after the Federal Reserve signalled that a June rate hike is still on the agenda as the US economy continues to strengthen.

Thomas Cook has endured a torrid morning on the financial markets after the company revealed the full impact that terror threats have had on its businesss.

 Embattled supermarket Asda revealed another hefty sales slump as it said price cuts and turnaround efforts were 'not enough' to overcome its trading woes.

 Asda chief executive Andy Clarke was under increasing pressure last night after a series of price cuts failed to help the struggling supermarket.

Shares in Thomas Cook plunged to three-year lows after the world’s oldest travel operator warned terrorist fears were hitting sales.

 More upmarket items including Peter Rabbit knitted dungarees and newborn baby gifts helped Mothercare post its first profit in five years.

From today, all cigarette packets produced in the UK will be completely plain.

 Investigators were yesterday accused of persecuting beleaguered engineering giant Rolls-Royce as it emerged they had widened an investigation into alleged corruption.

Competition in the restaurant sector has forced pub chains to up their game to win new customers.

Debt laden Gulf Keystone Petroleum advanced around 20 per cent this week as speculators have piled in hoping a Houdini deal can be struck to save the company.

 Ladbrokes and Coral have begun the process of selling some of their high street stores after the UK competition regulator said it was the main obstacle to the two betting giants' proposed merger.

PILOT DEALThe British helicopter-making arm of Airbus has won a £500milllion contract to provide aircraft, and train pilots for the Ministry of Defence.

Traders bet big on bookmaker Ladbrokes ahead of a crunch competition decision about its £2.2billion merger with rival Gala Coral.

The chief executive of kitchen maker Howdens Joinery has pocketed £6.8million after selling a third of his shares in the company.

Rolls-Royce is close to landing a £700million deal to power planes for Virgin Atlantic.

Debt-laden Circle Oil warned shareholders that there could be little or no value left for them.

Sales at women's fashion retailer LK Bennett fell slightly last year as competition led to the closure of concessions and underperforming stores.

Heston Blumenthal has received a £1m dividend from his company, despite it making only a £177,000 profit.

 One of Britain’s biggest bakeries is slashing pay for Sundays and breaks following the introduction of the National Living Wage, confidential documents reveal.

A rescue deal for BHS is expected within days, as MPs prepare to grill Goldman Sachs on its links to former owner Sir Philip Green.

Upmarket fashion retailer LK Bennett has seen revenues fall after it failed to make a profit for yet another year.

A watchdog has been criticised by an MP for falling ‘drastically short’ in its review into banking reform and overdraft charges.

 M&S debut Marks & Spencer’s new boss will present plans to revive the retailer’s troubled clothing business this week while posting his first set of annual results.

 Midday today marks the deadline for bids to save the British steel industry and 15,000 jobs with rivals collaborating and latecomers joining the race to buy Tata Steel.

 17.20:The FTSE 100 closed down 19.89 points at 6136.43 as investors fretted about the prospects of a US rate hike, a UK vote to leave the EU and a fresh Greek debt crisis.

A row over a potential takeover of the British Steel pension scheme looks set to scupper final bids for Tata Steel.

New M&S boss Steve Rowe looks set to stamp his authority on the business by axing high street fashion gurus credited with turning round rival Next, sources claim.

PROFITS BLOOMMitie Group has seen revenues fall 1.8 per cent to £2.2billion – but profits continue to rise as it improves its margins on contracts.

Its colourful clothes and bags have become a firm favourite among well-heeled country types, including the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge.

Royal Mail delivered the biggest rise on the FTSE yesterday as investors were heartened by broker buy ratings on the stock.

Enenrgy news company Argus Media has sold a controlling stake in its business to a US investment group for £1billion, in a deal set to bring in multi-million-pound windfalls for its shareholder staff.

After shaking up the big four supermarkets, Aldi is now preparing to boost the British craft beer sector.

The chairman of vodka maker Stock Spirits fought off a coup by a millionaire investor – but lost the battle to stop cronies being placed on the board.

Busy tradesmen and women across the UK helped Kingfisher-owned Screwfix enjoy a 16.2 per cent rise in like-for-like sales over the last three months as more households ditch DIY in favour of hired help.

17.15 (close):The FTSE 100 index at the close was up 82.83 at 6219.26.

Nationwide has warned that profits will come under pressure in the near future as competition from rivals in the mortgage market heats up.

The Treasury saw borrowing fall last month but official figures showed that George Osborne missed his target for the full year by more than previously thought.

17.15 (close):The FTSE 100 index at the close was up 82.83 at 6219.26.

Versace has hired a British fashion boss to help it smarten up for a stock market listing.

Shares in Card Factory slipped despite signs the firm was boosting sales of personalised gifts.

HINKLEY DELAYEDF’s boss refused to give a date for the completion of Hinkley Point nuclear power station or for its final decision on funding when he was grilled by MPs for the second time in two months.

Two brothers have made £18.4million by selling two bike businesses they started by borrowing £15,000 from their parents to Halfords.

Royal Dutch Shell is facing allegations that the firm which signs off its accounts is not impartial.

Property website Zoopla saw profits more than double in its first half thanks to increased traffic and its acquisition last year of comparison website uSwitch.

 17.40:The FTSE 100 closed up 43.59 points at 6262.85 as a firmer oil price at nearly $50 and a fresh Greek bailout deal cheered investors.

Dixons Carphone was bullish on this year's profits today as it posted rising sales in the fourth quarter thanks to growing demand for mobile phones and sales growth of electricals.

High Street giant M&S will launch yet another clothing revamp as it seeks to appeal to Mrs M&S, new boss Steve Rowe revealed today.

Nearly 500 jobs will go from Shell's UK and Ireland workforce as the oil giant revealed a persistently low crude price is forcing it to shed another 2,200 positions worldwide.

Communications regulator Ofcom has decided against imposing new price controls on Royal Mail Group following a review into the UK postal market.

 Inside Marks and Spencer’s lifeless glass offices in London’s Paddington, Steve Rowe was surprisingly relaxed and welcoming as he answered questions on yesterday’s disappointing results.

The new boss of Marks & Spencer has a master plan to turn around the fortunes of the 132-year-old chain – he wants to focus on its core customer who he nicknamed ‘Mrs M&S’.

Shares surged in the services provider Serco after it reported that the first four months of the year had been stronger than anticipated.

 It runs Rome’s airport, builds and takes down nuclear power plants, trains the world’s military and broadcasts sports matches.

A bribery and fraud crimewave is sweeping Britain and is costing the City £127bn a year, a devastating report has revealed.

 Tata appeared to be playing a game of brinkmanship with the sale of its UK steel businesses as sources suggested it would look to keep the plants open itself.

 Robots takeover An electronics company which supplies Apple and Samsung has replaced 60,000 staff with robots.

easyJet saw its November passenger numbers rise 10 per cent on last year despite a big jump in cancellations following the downing of a plane in Sharm el-Sheikh and the impact of fog.

17.10 (close):London's top flight index struggled to remain in positive territory as banking stocks fell out of favour following a 2.5billion euro (£1.9billion) rights issue at Spain's Banco Popular.

Department store chain Debenhams has named Amazon Fashion boss Sergio Bucher as its new chief executive in a bid to ramp up its online offering.

Economic growth for the first quarter was confirmed at 0.4 per cent by official gross domestic product data that backed up an initial estimate.

17.10 (close):London's top flight index struggled to remain in positive territory as banking stocks fell out of favour following a 2.5billion euro (£1.9billion) rights issue at Spain's Banco Popular.

Shares in ASOS fell 1 per cent today after a co-founder of the online fashion firm sold off £46million worth of shares in the group to help stump up cash for a costly divorce settlement.

Hostelworld shares travelled down after the group revealed terrorist attacks had hit bookings.

Not only would the families of 130,000 workers have been watching anxiously yesterday while the Government outlined plans to save the British Steel Pension Scheme – but hundreds of lawyers too.

RATE RIGGINGInvestment bank Citigroup is to pay £290m to settle civil charges over foreign exchange and interest rate rigging.

One of Britain’s most historic shipping institutions looks all but certain to pass into foreign hands after agreeing to exclusive talks with a Far Eastern buyer.

Budget shop chain B&M Bargains posted soaring sales and profits as it continued to eat into the market share of supermarkets.

A former Rolls-Royce executive has been confirmed as the new boss at struggling chip designer Imagination Technologies.

17.15 (close):The London market struggled for direction, as top flight shares managed to hold on to gains made earlier this week.

A UK exit from the European Union would pose a 'serious risk to growth', leaders of the G-7 nations have said in a statement issued at the end of the Ise-Shima summit in Japan.

Summer holidaymakers have been buying up pounds in their droves amid fears that the currency value could plummet next month if the UK votes to leave the European Union.

17.15 (close):The London market struggled for direction, as top flight shares managed to hold on to gains made earlier this week.

Car dealer Caffyns revved up on strong results.

A Cheshire-based dairy supplier has achieved unexpected success in China.

Zombie insurer Phoenix has snapped up 910,000 policies from French insurance giant Axa in a £375m deal.

 A David and Goliath bidding war could be about to break out between Lloyds and Virgin Money over credit card firm MBNA.

 The Prime Minister personally intervened to persuade Tata to keep its UK steelworks by offering a package of sweeteners – including a controversial plan to tear up pension laws.

New traders code spells out:Lying is wrong, you shouldn’t fix rates and insider dealing is out of the question too.

Jeremy Schwartz is chief executive of The Body Shop.

Administrators of collapsed tailor Austin Reed are in talks to sell the lease on its flagship store in Regent Street to the landlord, amid reports Mike Ashley’s interest in rescuing the menswear chain has cooled.

Bosses at a scandal-hit insurance claims firm have sought to draw a line under its controversial past.

Tata Steel will this week complete the sale of its Scunthorpe steelworks to investment group Greybull Capital.

The owner of Matchless Motorcycles – one of Britain’s oldest motorbike marques – is to raise up to £5 million to help revive the classic business.

Britain is poised to buy 50 US-made Apache attack helicopters for £425 million, dealing a blow to the UK's last helicopter maker, Somerset-based AgustaWestland.

British holidaymakers have refused to let fuel shortages in France caused by industrial action affect their plans for a getaway – and many operators are even reporting increased passenger numbers.

Britain's biggest food producer, 2 Sisters, has been hit by the first of a wave of strikes after workers complained it planned pay cuts to fund the new National Living Wage.

The growth in craft ale has been one of the success stories of Britain’s beer industry in recent years as supermarkets and pubs move to stock small, independent brands.

BT’S pension black hole has surged to £10.6bn as fears grow for the future of funds across Britain, it has been claimed.

A leading backer of a campaign for the UK to stay in the EU pocketed £205m from his hedge fund last year.

A trader accused of involvement in a £547bn US stock market ‘flash crash’ has turned to UK courts to resist America’s extradition demands.

Jewellers are drawing up plans to launch a ‘Made in Britain’ hallmark in a bid to boost sales.

Tata Steel is being warned not to betray its workers as its Indian owners look increasingly likely to retain their UK business.

MONEY LAUNDERING A washing machine-proof £5 note is due to be unveiled this week.

They might not be the best role models, but the notorious gangsters featured in TV series Peaky Blinders have now emerged as unlikely fashion icons.

Savers and investors are braced for another month of turmoil as a cocktail of risks cast a shadow over global markets.

Shares in investment giant Alliance Trust have jumped after yesterday revealing it has been approached by a rival about a possible tie-up.

Diminutive property developer Guy Dellal faces an appointment with MPs, keen to grill him on the £35million ‘Wonga-style’ loan he provided thrice-bankrupt Dominic Chappell during his purchase of BHS.

Londoners will be familiar with the name as an entertainment listings magazine that went free a few years ago.

 17.35:The FTSE 100 closed down 40 points at 6230.79 as a pro-Brexit poll caught referendum watchers by surprise and better than expected economic data from the US heightened expectations of a rate hike sooner rather than later.

The world of financial advice and wealth management is one of cautious, sober conservatism borne of some prescriptive regulation, so investing in the industry should be equally dull and boring?

Austin Reed will close 120 stores at the cost of 1,000 jobs after administrators to the collapsed menswear retailer failed to find a buyer for the entire business.

Satellites operator Inmarsat is preparing for relegation to the London Stock Exchange's second division, just twelve months after joining the top flight.

Analysts at Jefferies were scanning the property market for opportunities yesterday.

City grandee Lord Rothschild’s proposed takeover of Alliance Trust would mark another boon for the billionaire philanthropist’s investment vehicle RIT Capital.

The Co-op is selling off the final remains of its crematorium business in a £43million deal.

Volkswagen has suffered a sharp fall in profits as the emissions scandal engulfing the German car maker took its toll.

Two titans of high finance, long part of Britain’s monied establishment, are in talks over a possible merger.

Bikes and car parts chainHalfordsrevealed its profits had been hit by a fall in bicycle sales and some one-off expenses today.

 17.20:The FTSE 100 closed down 38.86 points at 6191.93 as mixed economic news from the US kept traders high alert for the next rate rise from the Federal Reserve, the world's most powerful central bank.

Shares in Plumb Center ownerWolseleysank by 6 per cent today after the firm said it was ramping up restructuring efforts across the UK and Europe as it revealed a sharp slowdown in sales growth.

The UK's top supermarkets are still losing ground to high and low end rivals as shoppers share their spending around different retailers, a survey has revealed.

The proposed £21billion merger between the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Boerse will see 1,250 roles slashed at the combined company.

Cobham has said it is at risk of breaching the terms of its loans if a £500m rights issue launched yesterday fails.

BANKER BLOODBATHDozens of senior HSBC investment bankers could lose their jobs in the latest round of cuts to hit the industry.

Lawyers, bankers and spin doctors are set to rake in up to £235million from a German takeover of the London Stock Exchange.

Halfords has pinned its hopes on double Olympic gold medallist Laura Trott to ratchet up its bike sales this year.

It's not just sales that are down at the major supermarkets – so are share prices.

The price of crude swung wildly ahead of a crucial meeting in Vienna today when major oil producers are likely to clash over output.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed down 6.32 points at 6185.61 as a glum update from the European Central Bank took its toll on investor confidence.

Troubled airline Fastjet is embroiled in a fresh row with tycoon Sir Stelios Haji-Ioannou after warning it will need more cash to survive if it fails to hit financial targets.

Tata is in talks with the Government to borrow £900million to keep its Port Talbot plant running.

GOLDMAN’S AXEWall Street giant Goldman Sachs has slashed dozens of senior jobs at its investment banking arm.

MoneySupermarket investors were shopping around yesterday after Jefferies cut its rating on the stock.

The failure of BHS has sparked fears that the crisis engulfing Britain’s battered high streets will claim a wave of further victims.

Some of the world’s biggest oil producers yesterday declared that the worst was over for the industry and prices would continue to recover this year.

Two American buyout giants look set to weigh in on a £7billion battle for credit card provider MBNA as competition hots up.

David Buttress, 40, is chief executive at Just Eat, a mobile phone app you can use to order a takeaway.

A firm making noodles in Sussex is to start selling its wares to China.

The boss of the London Stock Exchange has seen his shares rise in value by £2million since news of a German takeover hit the press.

FTSE CLOSE:The London market struggled to remain in positive territory as European markets took a hammering following a dismal economic update from America.

BP has agreed a settlement with investors who launched a class-action lawsuit against the blue chip energy group accusing it of understating the severity of the disastrous 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill.

The pound soared against the dollar today after a disappointing US jobs report raised fresh doubts over whether the Federal Reserve will hike interest rates soon knocking the US currency lower.

Upmarket high street estate agent Savills has take a step into the digital world by helping fund a £16million investment in online hybrid rival YOPA.

Sainsbury's boss Mike Coupe has seen his pay soar despite falling sales and profits at the supermarket.

The bankruptcy of BHS is a horror story.

Shares in British pharma giant Indivior soared 36 per cent after it won a patent dispute against rivals seeking to replicate its heroin substitute.

TRIBUNAL RULINGCity Link has been blasted for failing to notify staff of its redundancy plans, after the courier firm went bust in 2014 and employees found out through media reports on Christmas Day.

Sir Philip Green was yesterday accused of a 'lamentable failure of behaviour' after the collapse of BHS.

What does it do?

Luxury brand manager and investment firm The House of Britannia has bought a majority stake in events firm Best Of Britannia Retail, which holds exhibitions promoting British-made products.

Stephen Butt, one of London’s wealthiest fund managers, has picked up a multi-million pound pay packet after another bumper year at the investment giant he launched.

Royal Bank of Scotland is being sued for £145million over its role in a huge carbon trading VAT fraud.

The disgraced former owner of BHS, Dominic Chappell, claimed to senior executives he could arrange a £100million loan from the Bank of China to help save the company just days after he took control last year.

Marks & Spencer is expected to reveal this week that its former chief executive Marc Bolland was paid more than £17million during his six years at the firm.

Yacht builder Fairline Boats collapsed owing creditors £6.2million, including a tiny sum to Tata Steel, according to the administrators of the firm.

The hotel investment group behind Jurys Inn is to spend a further £24million on expanding the flourishing chain.

Goldman Sachs has been left red faced over a gushing email congratulating three times bankrupt Dominic Chappell over the purchase of BHS.

Tata is set to reveal a shortlist of bidders for its UK plants in an announcement that could come as early as today.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 63.77 points at 6273.40 as traders grew more confident that a US rate hike would be postponed following worse than expected jobs figures last week.

The pound slumped to fresh lows this morning after three polls showed rising support among voters for leaving the European Union less than three weeks ahead of the June 23 referendum.

Inspirit Energyis a micro-cap specialising in combined heat and power boilers that have the potential to lop thousands of pounds off household and business energy bills Led by City financier John Gunn, the company recently completed a rather modest £750,000 fundraising and is now putting the pedal to the metal commercially.

Burberry's boss Christopher Bailey has seen his pay cut by 75 per cent, as the luxury retailer battles against slow growth and a dwindling share price.

 Uncertainty around theEU referendumhas eaten into individuals appetite for buying new cars, the latest registration figures from the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders showed today.

easyJet carried 6.9 million people on its planes last month, a 5.7 per cent rise from a year earlier, but its aircraft were less full as air traffic disputes, terror worries, and price wars all remain issues, Despite the upturn in passenger numbers, the airline's load factor, a measure of how full the aircraft is, dipped by 0.1 per cent to 91.5 per cent compared with a year earlier.

Burberry chief executive Christopher Bailey saw £6million wiped off his pay package as the fashion firm’s sales and shares plunged.

Rupert Soames, boss of Serco, has bought 120,000 shares in the outsourcing firm for 107p each.

Mining and oil firms led the charge yesterday, pulling the FTSE 100 forward by 1 per cent, or 63.77 points to 6273.40.

FRENCH DEALRothschild & Co, the French arm of the banking dynasty, has agreed to buy Marseille-based wealth management business Compagnie Financiere Martin Maurel for £190million.

It started out as a stall selling handbags at Camden market but yesterday luxury label Radley was sold to the billionaire owners of retail chain C&A.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 11.13 points at 6284.53, as losses by miners pared gains seen earlier in the day.

Shares in Shell jumped today as the oil giant revealed it is to dramatically scale down investment and look for more cost savings from its BG takeover as it attempts to adapt to lower oil prices.

Gocompare.com could be set to change hands after owner Esure revealed it is considering a potential demerger for the price comparison website.

Ocado was one of the biggest fallers as investors got to grips with a trolley full of supermarket news.

Eric Roth, chief operating officer at Mariana Resource, has sold more than third of his stake in the mining business.

A rogue trader who lost billions in one of the biggest trading scandals in history was unfairly dismissed, a court has ruled.

MERGER OFFJacob Rothschild has abandoned plans for a £5billion merger between his investment company RIT Capital Partners and troubled Alliance Trust.

It has one of the most recognisable commercials on the TV – and now GoCompare might be about to stand on its own on the stock market.

Sainsbury's has suffered another sales fall as it remains under pressure from the supermarket price war - but on the stock market its shares rose as the results were better than analysts had expected.

AO World saw losses widen last year despite rising sales as it continues to feel the impact of investments in Germany and the Netherlands.

 17.20:The FTSE 100 closed up 16.99 points at 6301.52 as traders digested a World Bank growth downgrade, poor Chinese export figures and a recovery in the oil price to $52.

The owner of McVitie’s biscuits and Jacob’s crackers is to create a food giant worth £3.6billion, with plans to float on the London Stock Market by 2020.

A key backer of the campaign for Britain to leave the European Union is celebrating a £16million windfall after a bumper year for his spread-betting firm.

Advertising tycoon Martin Sorrell battled a shareholder revolt as more than a third of investors voted against his pay packet, which tops £70million.

Sainsbury's has spelled the death of the supermarket multi-buy offer.

It failed to provide enough guards for the 2012 London Olympics and ripped off taxpayers by charging for ‘phantom’ electronic tags on criminals who were either dead or in jail.

Soft drinks bottler Coca-Cola HBC has been frothing up since an investor visit on Monday.

The boss of the Argos owner will step down as the firm is taken over by Sainsbury's and be replaced by the supermarket group's finance chief, it was revealed today.

 17.35:The FTSE 100 closed down 69.63 points at 6231.89 as traders fretted about a lower oil price, the Chinese economy and the prospect of Brexit.

Shares in Auto Trader rose more than 2 per cent today after Britain’s leading website for buying and selling cars saw annual profits accelerate.

Boots' UK boss Simon Roberts is to step down to 'pursue new opportunities', the company has announced.

Chairman of cling film maker British Polythene Industries Cameron McLatchie is in for a windfall of nearly £4million after the company was bought by packaging firm RPC Group for £261million.

Tescohas confirmed it is selling the Giraffe restaurant chain to the owner of Harry Ramsden and also plans to offload its Turkish operations as the supermarket continues to sell off underperforming assets.

Flybe posted its first profit in six years despite the terrorist attacks in Paris and Brussels causing passengers to cancel bookings.

MEDIA LISTINGEvents magazine and website Time Out is set to raise £90million and float on the junior stock market.

Economic woes in Nigeria have hit the maker of Imperial Leather soap to the tune of £17million.

Investors hung up on Vodafone yesterday after the firm went ex-dividend.

 17.20:The FTSE 100 closed down 116.13 points at 6115.76 as traders stewed over numerous market threats including Brexit, volatile oil prices and an upcoming US interest rate decision.

Summer may have arrived but the high street remains in the ‘grip of a deep financial winter’, a report said today, while womenswear retailerBonmarcheposted a weather-related slide in annual profits.

OIL JOBSLow oil prices will have cost the UK nearly 125,000 jobs by the end of the year, experts predict.

The right hand man of Burberry boss Christopher Bailey is to step down – sparking fresh rumours that a top retail guru is being recruited to help turn around the struggling group.

Headhunters are often seen as a barometer for what is going on in the wider world.

M&S’s chairman has topped up his holdings in the firm just over a fortnight after it announced annual results.

Britain's economy received another boost yesterday thanks to stronger than expected growth in the building industry.

Entrepreneurs who have made millions from posh bottled beer, men’s face cream, smoothies and an app that speeds up text messaging are among those who received birthday honours from the Queen.

Soap & Glory – the beauty products company behind Rich & Foamous body wash and The Firminator toning lotion – has plunged into the red after being bought by high street retailer Boots.

The boom in dating apps such as Tinder has dealt a severe business blow to ‘old-fashioned’ dating websites, according to the firm behind many of them.

Global footwear giant Clarks declared last year to be ‘one of the more challenging in recent history’ as tough competition, changes in the retail sector and more demanding customers hit profits.

Greggs is planning to ramp up its healthy eating options as customer demand has surged.

OIL BLUEPRINTThe North Sea oil and gas industry must transform within the next two years to avoid ‘rapid and premature decline’, according to a report.

The boss of Ascot Racecourse said he is looking forward to a bumper Royal Ascot as the company celebrated record profits.

Poundland looks set to announce a dramatic slump in profits – raising fresh fears over the health of Britain’s struggling high streets.

Stock exchange operator Bats Europe has fired up its quest to chip away at the dominance of FTSE 100 owner the London Stock Exchange by launching 18 new indices.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed down 70.79 points at 6044.97 as traders threw what one City pundit described as a 'pre-referendum tantrum' today.

Blue chip housebuilder Persimmon has hit back at one of its investors which criticised the group's executive pay plan which could see senior managers share a £600million bonus pot.

Budget airline easyJet has explored setting up a separate European business in case the UK votes to leave the European Union on June 23 referendum, according to a newspaper report.

I hope he won’t mind me describing him thus, but Peter Scott is a veteran of the advertising and marketing industry.

Microsoft has bought professional networking site LinkedIn for £18.5billion as it seeks to catch up with social media rivals Facebook and Twitter.

The boss of struggling Asda has left – just one week after promising to stay to kick-start sales.

Bosses at the City regulator splashed out £27,629.10 for someone to water and trim their plants in the year to April, figures revealed.

Soco International was in demand as one America’s biggest brokers predicted Britain’s independent oil and gas exploration industry is likely to see another wave of mergers.

SECURITY SLIPsecurity slip Shares in G4S fell 5 per cent after it confirmed the gunman who murdered at least 49 people at a Florida nightclub at the weekend had worked for the security firm since 2007.

The boss of fashion retailer Ted Baker, Ray Kelvin, has claimed that a vote to stay in the European Union would provide 'certainty, continue free trade and ensure the easy movement of products.'

 17.40:The FTSE 100 closed down 121.44 points at 5923.53 as the rising chances of a Brexit vote sparked a flight to the safety of government bonds, the US dollar and the Japanese yen.

Fitness group Virgin Active is slimming down this summer, selling 35 of its gyms to rival Nuffield Health as it looks to focus on its luxury clubs.

Crest Nicholson fell with other housebuilders today on Brexit fears despite the firm posting a 25 per cent rise in profits and its chief executive brushing aside concern over next week's EU referendum.

The rags-to-riches founder of high-end housebuilder Berkeley Group could pocket nearly £50million for two years’ work.

Investors are flocking to safe havens after a surge of support for Britain leaving the EU.

Golden hellos, free hotel accommodation and extra overtime are the banker-style packages being offered to bus drivers at First Group.

BOOKIE SETTLESBetfred has paid out £800,000 over revelations that one of its online customers was gambling with stolen money.

The maker of Britain’s best-selling computer has been bought by a Swiss tech company for £792million – but its inventor won’t make a penny.

Thameslink operator Go-Ahead Group took a battering as the blue-chip index fell below the 6000 mark to close at its lowest level in three months.

My Local faces an uncertain future after its owners called in emergency help to try to save the business.

The founder and chairman of Centamin has cashed in £5.6million after offloading 8 per cent of his shares.

Berkeley Group chairman Tony Pidgley has come out in favour of Remain after the housebuilder unveiled that sales had plunged by a fifth amid the Brexit uncertainty.

Shares in luxury footwear firm Jimmy Choo climbed nearly 16 per cent higher this morning, as the company announced it is on track to deliver better margins by reining in costs this year.

 17.35:The FTSE 100 closed up 43.27 points at 5966.80 as traders banked on the US Federal Reserve freezing rates given the uncertain economic outlook - especially just ahead of the Brexit vote.

The owner of high street fashion chain Zara, Spanish retail giant Inditex, has seen its net profits rise 6 per cent to £438million in the three months to April 30.

People's appetite for smearing snail gel on their faces while quaffing a glass of coconut water helped Holland & Barrett achieve its seventh consecutive increase in annual earnings.

Mothercare boss Mark Newton-Jones, 47, saw his pay package jump to £814,000 from £774,000, according to the latest annual report.

The Federal Reserve left interest rates in the US unchanged last night but indicated there would be two hikes before the end of the year.

OPEC TANKSMembers of the world’s biggest oil cartel have seen their revenues from oil exporting fall by nearly half since 2014, research claims.

Metal and mining stocks were in demand as the dollar slid back and the price of copper, aluminium and nickel strengthened, in tandem with European equity markets.

Billionaire Christo Wiese has made a daring bid to take over the UK high street by swooping for Poundland.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed down 16.32 points at 5950.48 as fresh polls pointing to Brexit on 23 June unnerved traders in London.

Online estate agentPurplebricksrevealed plans to head Down Under as the recently-listed firm posted a fourfold rise in sales over its past year as Britons continue to shun high street agencies.

Discount retailer Poundland has posted a big drop in annual profits and sales after a 'challenging but transformative' year a day after South African suitor Steinhoff stepped up its pursuit of the business.

UK shoppers splashed out cash on updating their summer wardrobes as the warm weather returned in May, shrugging aside worries over the impending EU referendum, according to official data.

STANDING DOWNYorkshire Building Society boss Chris Pilling is set to stand down after almost five years at the helm.

Shares in plus-size fashion retailer N Brown soared 6 per cent on better than expected first quarter sales.

Savers have suffered a bruising setback after Lloyds won a courtroom battle to avoid paying compensation to the owners of £3.3billion of controversial bonds.

Shares in Capital & Counties were in focus after Deutsche Bank advised the property group was a ‘sell’ and cut the price target to 260p from 310p.

The turnaround at leather bag maker Mulberry is taking shape as profits soar.

18.00:The London market broke back through the 6,000 mark as banks and housebuilders surged amid easing concerns over a British exit from the European Union.

Tesco's drive to refocus on its supermarkets continued today with the £217million sale of Dobbies Garden Centres.

18.00:The London market broke back through the 6,000 mark as banks and housebuilders surged amid easing concerns over a British exit from the European Union.

Social eating start-up WeFiFo – dubbed 'Airbnb for the kitchen table' – has been boosted by TV chef Gino D'Acampo.

Union bosses and MPs have slammed a pay proposal at leading food group Samworth Brothers, which they argue cheats workers out of the benefits of the Chancellor’s new National Living Wage.

Worldwide production of mink fur is dramatically falling, with Chinese production halving in a year, as fur shoppers switch to cheaper alternatives.

Britain's coffee shop boom is perking up as experts predict a 40 per cent rise in the number of outlets by 2020 despite the number having soared over the past six years.

Britain's biggest bookmaker, William Hill, has called in advisory firm KPMG to carry out a strategic review of the business, in particular its online and technology operations.

Senior traders and staff at Britain's top banks will be working through the night next Thursday to cope with any financial fallout from the EU referendum result.

Close:Investors were cheered today as the pound and stock market surged off the back of worries easing over Brexit.

Majestic Wine suffered a 74.5 per cent slump in pre-tax profits over the past year, with the group's takeover of online rivalNaked Winestaking its toll.

Biotech Circassia Pharmaceuticals took a walloping after its experimental drug trial for people with cat allergies collapsed.

VERDICT DUEThe jury in the London trial of five former Barclays traders charged with conspiracy to manipulate global Libor interest rates retired to consider its verdict yesterday.

The UK’s love of sushi has cost restaurant chain Wasabi its profits – as it expands rapidly across Britain.

London's top stock market has extended yesterday's gains on the expectation that Britons will vote to remain in the EU in the referendum this Thursday.

Dairy Crest boss Mark Allen has seen his pay go up by almost 50 per cent in the past year, despite the firm reporting a 59 per cent fall in profits.

Britain's biggest fee-free mortgage broker is lining up a £300million sale or stock market flotation despite the prospect of Brexit.

 17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 22.55 points at 6226.55, extending gains racked up yesterday on the expectation of a vote to remain in the EU this Thursday.

The nation will tomorrow go to the polls to vote on one of the most important questions of our times: should Britain leave the EU.

Shares in London nudged higher yesterday as the head of the Federal Reserve warned a UK vote to leave the European Union could spark huge volatility on financial markets.

Families who want a debit card to help look after their loved ones' finances are being hit by confusion in Santander branches.

ON THE BRINKMy Local is on the verge of going into administration, less than a year after the convenience store chain was sold by Morrisons.

Engineering companies were out of favour as two leading British manufacturers unveiled profit warnings.

Troubled Stock Spirits has caved in to pressure to use its cash reserves to pay a special dividend rather than making acquisitions.

More than 134,000 steelworkers could see their retirement nest eggs barred from the national pensions lifeboat.

There's something reassuringly old-fashioned about the photo booth in an age of digital cameras and high-tech gadgets.

An Algerian street boy who came to Britain on holiday in 1988 with only £70 is now worth £37million after the restaurant he began floated on the stock market.

Soaring numbers of borrowers are snubbing fixed-rate mortgages because an interest rate hike is unlikely in the foreseeable future.

Diamond prices may be weak but shareholders in Petra Diamonds were dazzled yesterday after the firm found another sparkler in South Africa.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 34.64 points at 6261.19, extending gains for a third day as traders grow more confident about a remain victory in the EU referendum.

A boardroom merry-go-round at Shoe Zone is causing concerns.

Model train makerHornbyplans to reduce the number of toys it sells by 40 per cent and its boss has promised ‘fundamental change’ after revealing that annual losses ballooned in the past year.

Britain's biggest department stores chain Debenhams has revealed a fall in sales amid 'uncertain trading conditions' after demand for clothing dropped off due to poor Spring weather.

The pound has inched higher on the last day of campaigning before the UK goes to the polls on the EU in what has been a quiet trading session across financial markets.

It is tempting to see it as a mere footnote to a successful and oversubscribed City cash call.

Hundreds of billions of pounds could be wiped off the value of the biggest companies listed on the London stock market if the UK votes to leave the EU, a top City bank has warned.

City traders are braced for their most turbulent night since the financial crisis as Britain heads to the polls for the European Union referendum.

Chilly spring weather hit sales at H&M – forcing it to cut prices.

There is no car marque more British than Aston Martin.

US DOWNGRADEThe International Monetary Fund has cut its forecast for the US amid a darkening outlook around the world.

Volkswagen bosses have pledged a massive shake-up at the troubled car giant – including selling off its private jets and axing an executive-only lift.

Primark owner Associated British Foods missed out on the blue-chip index’s advance after a top City analyst warned the budget retailer might fail to generate any like-for-like sales growth this year – something that hasn’t happened in more than a decade and a half.

 17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 76.91 points at 6338.10 as traders stuck with a bet on Remain winning the EU referendum tonight.

Tesco's recovery under chief executive Dave Lewis gained some momentum today with figures showing two consecutive quarters of sales growth for the first time in five years.

The pound hit fresh 2016 highs against the dollar and the euro today in a further sign that City traders remain convinced the Remain camp will eke out a win in the EU referendum.

The Australian owner of Homebase plans to make products cheaper and will stop shutting stores as part of a £500million investment in the chain it bought from Home Retail Group earlier this year.

BETTING BONANZAPunters yesterday gambled £25million on the outcome of theEU referendumin the busiest day for political betting in British history.

The incoming chairman of investment fund Imperial Innovations has cashed in on a share dip after disappointing results from a cat allergy treatment.

Ocado was a talking point during a volatile session that eventually saw the FTSE 100 index’s recent rally extended to a fifth day.

The London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Borse have said they remain 'fully committed' to their proposed £21billion merger, despite Britain voting to leave the European Union.

 17.01:The FTSE 100 closed down 3 per cent or 199.41 points at 6138.69 after a tumultuous day on markets following theUK vote to leave the EU.

One of Britain's leading fund managers has forecast that the UK will enter the 'world's first DIY recession' off the back of itsBrexitvote.

Housebuilding, banking and travel-related stocks have taken the biggest hit from the outcome of the EU referendum as investors worry about a slump in the property market.

The owner of British Airways has issued a profit warning after its trading weakened in the run up to the referendum that has seen Britain vote to leave the European Union.

Shares on the London market have staged a mini revival after investors came to terms with the decision by the UK to leave the European Union in a move that has led toPrime Minister David Cameronresigning.

Leading British engineer Rolls-Royce saw its share price rise today as investors bet that a weakened sterling would boost its exports.

With the stock market taking a post-referendum bashing, it is slightly surprising to report there were a number of stocks reporting handsome gains this week.

The world’s most powerful central banks sought to soothe the financial markets yesterday after Britain voted toleave the European Union.

Poundland came under pressure as the FTSE 250 endured its biggest one-day fall since the day after Black Monday in 1987.

The polls have just closed and the traders at ETX Capital in the City of London are lolling in their chairs.

Britain’s businesses were gearing up for a future outside the European Union yesterday as they drafted emergency plans to prepare for the new dawn.

Fresh cracks have appeared in the crisis-torn eurozone following Britain’s vote to leave the EU.

Britain's banks could lose automatic access to the financial centres of the European Union after Brexit, the European Central Bank has warned.

Feasrs are mounting that Friday’s shock referendum result will hit Britain’s already struggling dealmaking industries.

Bookmakers hailed theEU referendumas ‘the biggest ever political betting event’ as punters staked millions on the outcome.

The London Stock Exchange and its would-be merger partners the Deutsche Borse in Germany are to call a special referendum committee to examine the effect of Brexit on the controversial deal.

Britain's financial services industry could face restrictions on selling to European customers as a result of the vote to leave the European Union – casting a shadow over thousands of jobs in the square mile.

Sir Martin Sorrell is the formidable, globe-trotting tycoon behind one of the world’s most successful companies, advertising giant WPP.

Next chief executive Lord Wolfson, one of the FTSE 100’s leading Eurosceptics, has warned of dire consequences if Britain ‘pulls up the drawbridge’ and adopts protectionist trade policies following the vote to leave the EU.

Financial markets face another stormy week after a top credit ratings agency cut its outlook on the UK to ‘negative’.

 A Danish banker has revealed how his team smelt 'blood on the streets' in the City on Friday morning.

Brexit battering for billionaires as markets fell The world’s 400 richest people lost nearly £100bn on Friday as the markets reacted to the UK voting to leave theEuropean Union.

FTSE bosses who issued doom-laden warnings that a vote to leave the EU would damage the economy will be quizzed on the true impact of Brexit this week.

BUY THIS: Rightmove Analysts at Liberum said the referendum decision is an opportunity to buy shares in property website Rightmove.

The boss of pile-it-high-and-sell-it-cheap chain B&M Bargains has had a 300 per cent salary rise.

A watchdog is to end Government deals in which energy companies are paid well above market prices in return for building power stations.

BHS bankers Three Goldman Sachs bankers are to face MPs over the BHS scandal this week.

Banks, airlines and housebuilders saw their shares plunge further into the red today, as investors grappled with the fallout from the UK's decision to leave the European Union.

17.15 (close):Chancellor George Osborne's efforts to calm the markets over Brexit proved fruitless as more than £40billion was wiped off the value of Britain's biggest companies.

Airline easyJet has warned on profits after it said that economic uncertainty stemming from Britain’s decision to leave the EU will add to its existing woes caused by recent strikes and bad weather.

Shares in London-focused estate agentFoxtonsplunged 23 per cent yesterday after it issued a profit warning, claiming Britain’s Brexit vote has increased uncertainty in the housing market.

17.15 (close):Chancellor George Osborne's efforts to calm the markets over Brexit proved fruitless as more than £40billion was wiped off the value of Britain's biggest companies.

They say all that glisters is not gold, but it was on the FTSE yesterday.

 Housing bosses have been snapping up shares in their own companies amid a rout in the sector.

Hedge fund boss George Soros who made £760m betting against the pound on Black Wednesday failed to repeat the feat following the Brexit vote.

 The probe into the collapse of BHS and its £571m pension deficit widened yesterday with an investigation into its auditor.

Banks were at the front of a stock market rout as investors dumped shares for a second day as they worried about the prospect of a cut in interest rates.

 Investigators will at last probe the accountancy firm employed by Halifax/Bank of Scotland – eight years after its bailout helped trigger the financial crisis.

Brexit message The taxman has been forced to put a message on its answering service to deter people ringing about Brexit.

The pound found some respite today after the Brexit vote sent it to its biggest drop in modern history over the last two days of trading.

 Aston Martin saw losses almost triple over the past year due to a major expansion drive aimed at transforming its fortunes.

UK banks were hammered on the London markets for a second straight session yesterday after the fallout from the decision to leave the EU took hold.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 158.19 points at 6140.39 as bargain hunters swooped on cheap stocks following the post-Brexit market slump.

Challenger bank Shawbrook, which often tops best buy savings tables, saw its share price rocked this morning as it revealed a £9million impairment charge after unearthing irregularities on loans.

Cozmo the mini robot could be the toy that takes the world by storm this Christmas.

Savvy investors attempted to use the recent stock market roller-coaster to cash in on shares and funds – spending the equivalent of 17-and-a-half-years’ worth of time on Hargreaves Lansdown's trading platform in just one day.

Housebuilders battled back the Brexit blues and declared it was business as usual for the industry.

The boss of Hikma Pharmaceuticals has strengthened his stake in the company and bought £3.3million in shares.

Online broker Hargreaves Lansdown topped the blue-chip leader board as the FTSE 100 index broke its post referendum slump by staging a 2.6 per cent rally.

ROLLING ALONGRolls-Royce said it was business as usual after Brexit and pledged to invest in Britain.

Greedy airport and online currency firms are ripping off holidaymakers, a Money Mail investigation has discovered.

A loophole in banking rules could allow financial giants based in the UK to keep trading in the EU afterBrexit.

Ocado could secure its long-awaited overseas licensing deal thanks to the falling pound.

High street electricals giant Dixons Carphone has shrugged off Brexit fears as it posted a 17 per cent rise in profits.

  17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 219.67 points at 6360.06, notching up a 4 per cent gain in a stunning turnaround from the market carnage following the Brexit vote.

Telecoms giant Vodafone has warned it could move its global headquarters, currently at Paddington in London, out of the UK altogether following last week's shock Brexit vote on EU membership.

Another two companies, Greene King and Stagecoach, have warned of the impact Brexit could have on consumer confidence and the economy today as they unveiled their full year results.

 The share price rally after Brexit gathered pace yesterday – but there was no respite for retirement home builder McCarthy & Stone.

 The black hole in Britain’s struggling pension schemes has widened to a record £935bn – underlining the crisis affecting the industry.

 When a handsome young architect arrived at Camilla Stephens’ London flat 16 years ago, she did not suspect she would end up with a husband and business partner as well as a new kitchen.

Jamie Oliver has suffered another setback after the company behind his Australian restaurants collapsed.

British banks have been told they must keep lending to drive the economy after the chaos that followed the Brexit vote.

A Chinese conglomerate has swooped for a larger slice of Thomas Cook to take advantage of the weak pound and the share price fall after the Brexit vote last week.

16:30:The footsie soared in the final half an hour's trading but the pound has dropped like a stone, after Governor Mark Carney hinted that more stimulus measures and interest rate cuts could take place over the summer.

Train and bus operator Stagecoach has warned significant uncertainty lies ahead as a result of Britain’s decision to exit the European Union.

Pub group Greene King said its pub grub would help lure more customers despite any risks from Brexit.

During the past six months we’ve seen the FTSE 100 dip into bear market territory and oil prices drop to 12-year lows – and that was before the Brexit vote.

 A giant hint of an interest rate cut by the Governor of the Bank of England sent the stock market into a late flurry.

A fall in the value of the pound has given a surprise boost to some of Britain’s biggest fine wine exporters.

He has spent three years protesting that he was not to blame for the £4bn trading loss that almost sank Societe Generale, and now Jerome Kerviel’s fight for justice is to hit the big screen.

Europe's banking sector is braced for chaos, with Italian giants desperate for a bailout and Germany’s biggest lender deemed a threat to the world economy.

17.15 (close):The FTSE 100 had its strongest week since 2011 with further gains today after Mark Carney gave hints of help from the Bank of England to cope with Brexit.

Wilko, the retail chain that has taken the place of Woolworths, is booming on the high street and has plans to open more stores.

Last orders Anheuser-Busch InBev has got the go-ahead from the competition watchdog in South Africa for its £70bn takeover of SABMiller.

The FTSE 100 index had its strongest week since 2011 with further gains today after Mark Carney gave strong hints of help from the Bank of England to cope with Brexit.

17.15 (close):The FTSE 100 had its strongest week since 2011 with further gains today after Mark Carney gave hints of help from the Bank of England to cope with Brexit.

Middle class supermarket Waitrose has seen a sharp decline in profits, which the firm has claimed is due to ‘exceptionally tough’ market conditions as the grocery price war continues to take a toll.

The new chairman of Costain bought £111,000 of shares on a day the engineering firm released strong trading figures.

BHS’S overseas stores have been sold to a Qatari company owned by Janet Jackson’s husband.

Nisa has reported the biggest swing in profit in its history, the convenience store’s boss has said.

Merlin Entertainments, the owner of Thorpe Park, Alton Towers and Legoland, has had a strong run in the aftermath of the EU referendum.

SETTLING NERVESThe City watchdog's new chief executive has taken up the reins with a brief to steady the ship.

An American company has struck a secret deal which allows it to walk away from the British pension scheme of engineering firm Halcrow – jeopardising the retirements of thousands of workers and setting a dangerous precedent for millions more.

Businesses based in some of the Capital’s most familiar skyscrapers are expected to foot an extra £50million bill for taxes, research reveals.

A week on from the vote that shocked the nation, it’s interesting to note which stocks have fared best and worst in the market fallout.

The Government is this week set to borrow billions of pounds at just 1 per cent – its cheapest ever rate – after the Brexit vote sent investors searching for safe places to put their money.

Marks & Spencer is poised to report a new sales slump this week as it struggles to get a grip on its clothing business.

Global brewing giant SABMiller paid a whopping £120million to buy craft brewer Meantime last year, despite it making an annual profit of just £1.5million on sales of £17million in 2014, according to the most recent accounts filed.

 Shareholders in the London Stock Exchange have overwhelmingly voted to approve a £21billion merger with Germany's Deutsche Borse, despite Britain voting to leave the European Union.

The owners of the beleaguered Port Talbot steel plant have put its sale on hold while they assess the impact of Britain’s European Union referendum.

EDF’S workers’ committee is expected to demand today that a nuclear power plant at Hinkley, Somerset, is delayed.

HEALTH BOOST A technology start-up which helps NHS hospitals and surgeries find staff has won £5.3m to fuel growth.

BUY THIS: Tate & Lyle Liberum is positive on ingredients business Tate & Lyle and this week raised its target price for the stock to 790p.

A bed retailer saved from the brink of collapse is set to go on sale for £400m.

Netto is set to disappear from British high streets and retail parks once again as Sainsbury's announced today it is ending its joint venture with the budget supermarket.

The UK construction industry has suffered its worst contraction in seven years in June as the sector was rocked by uncertainty over the outcome of theBrexit vote.

17.30:The FTSE 100 index at the close was down 55.57 at 6522.26.

High street retailer Superdrug has enjoyed a 62 per cent jump in profits, with the group's expanding designer fragrance range proving particularly popular with shoppers.

17.30:The FTSE 100 index at the close was down 55.57 at 6522.26.

Activist investor group Elliott Advisors may have set its sights on a new target.

 The Demolition Man was the unlikely nickname earned by Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi when he was elected on a promise to shake-up the political establishment.

Activist investors are calling for John Menzies to split in two and hire a chairman.

The so-called Chicken King of Britain could be about to gobble up the Bernard Matthews’ turkey empire.

 The world’s largest ship broker admitted its business has been battered by weak global trade – underling the crisis engulfing the shipping industry.

The boss of Britain’s railway network is set for a large pay hike despite the firm posting a fall in profits and punctuality.

 17.20:The FTSE 100 closed up 23.11 points at 6545.37, getting a boost from currency moves which saw the pound fall to $1.30 against the dollar.

Airline deal Cobham clinched a £680m contract to run a regional airline owned by Australia’s Qantas.

Persimmon, Britain's biggest housebuilder by volume, sought to soothe fears over a Brexit slowdown today, claiming 'good opportunities' remain in the sector.

High street chain John Lewis saw its sales growth slow in the week after Britain voted to leave the European Union, its latest figures revealed today, as consumerl confidence took a knock.

Chip designerImagination Technologiessaw its shares drop as much as 8 per cent today, after the group suffered its worst annual loss on record reflecting slowing smartphone sales.

Sainsbury’s has promised to create more than 1,000 shop staff jobs in the next three years after its £1.4bn purchase of Argos – despite roles in head office being put at risk.

Heathrow Airport is seeking to tackle baggage check-in queues by signing a £170m deal with Balfour Beatty.

 The summer holidays of Britons heading to the States and the Continent just got even more expensive after sterling fell to its lowest level against the dollar for more than three decades.

 This country has a long and painful history of booms and busts in the housing market.

The wife of tycoon Sir Philip Green was paid £28m last year for a £200m loan relating to the purchase of doomed department store BHS.

Easy money EasyHotel has sold the restaurant at its forthcoming Liverpool hotel for £600,000.

Glyn Jones, chairman of Aldermore, has spent £119,000 on cheap shares after it was hit hard by Brexit fears.

 17.35:The FTSE 100 closed down 81.78 points at 6463.59 as three more property funds suspended trading and the pound fell to $1.29 in the ongoing fallout from the Brexit vote.17.35: The Dow Jones dropped 20.7 points to 17,819.9 as US traders await the latest Federal Reserve minutes for clues on future interest rates moves.

The boss ofSainsbury's, Mike Coupe has said the fall in the pound following last month's Brexit vote will not necessarily mean higher prices for shoppers, but he sees the danger of a UK recession.

 Melrose shares have shot up this session after the engineering firm announced it has agreed to buy US manufacturer Norteck for $2.8billion.

Budget airline easyJet saw both the number of passengers carried and its load factor rise in June, although French air traffic control strikes led to a doubling in cancelled flights.

Online luxury fashion group Yoox Net-a-Porter plans to expand in Britain and take on new staff despite Brexit.

AMAZON JOBSAmazon is to create an extra 1,000 new jobs this year as its UK boss claims it is ‘business as usual’ following Britain’s decision to quit the European Union.

The major supermarkets were in the bargain bin yesterday after HSBC warned of imminent price wars.

Four more giant property funds have shut their doors to investors – blocking savers from around £15billion of their cash.

During a sticky summer evening in Paris, beautiful people are congregating in an exquisitely designed space near the Place des Victoires, one of the most rarefied fashion districts of the French capital.

British builder Bovis believes it is too early to assess the impact of the Brexit vote on the housing market.

The chairman of shipbroker Clarkson spent £27,000 on shares the day after his firm issued a profits warning.

Fears of a slowdown in the commercial property market following the vote to leave the European Union were growing as one of London's biggest landlords warned of a slump.

Hedge funds have been banned from short-selling three Italian companies as they circle its crippled economy.

TICKET RETURNTrain ticket discount company CommuterClub has raised £1.2million with the backing of tennis star Andy Murray.

Consumer goods firms selling sugar, washing powder and tea were boosted by a broker who predicted they are immune to the fallout from the Brexit vote.

As you drive through rural Lancashire among dry stone walls and rolling fields of crops, a six-metre-high barbed wire fence suddenly rises up.

Mars is to spend £23million on its factory in Norfolk on the back of the success of its Uncle Ben's rice.

Britain snared its first major takeover of a European rival since the referendum on a day when bosses talked up their business prospects outside the EU.

The boss of John Lewis has warned that the plunge in the pound in the wake of last month's UK vote to leave the European Union could become a major issue for the department store chain.

 17.20:The FTSE 100 closed up 56.85 points at 6590.64 as traders took heart from a robust US jobs report for June.

The UK trade gap widened in May as exports slipped back from a rise in April amid uncertainty ahead of June's EU referendum, with the data not boding well for the post-Brexit vote outlook.

Shares inDP Polandhave risen by three quarters this year, as the Poles have been tucking into Domino's Pizza with gusto.

TRADE TRIUMPHBritain has exported more to the rest of the world than to the European Union for 21 months in a row, according to official figures.

A German steel giant looks set to rescue Tata's British Steel business.

A Wall Street hedge fund manager was sacked after he threw a party wrecking a £15million mansion he had rented on Airbnb.

Investors looking for places to put their cash as the stock market faltered have been buying stamps.

If you follow the advice offered by analysts at UBS yesterday, builders are as safe as houses.

A woman is to be in charge of designing at Christian Dior for the first time in its 70 year history.

The boss of the world's biggest hotel group has predicted that the fall in the pound could lead to a travel boom in Britain.

A collapse in consumer confidence has raised the chances of the Bank of England cutting interest rates this week, according to City economists.

Figures out this week will give the first indication if Britain's decision to leave the EU will lead to a big fall in house prices.

If Britain is facing an economic downturn, it is not because business and political leaders are 'talking down the economy,' declares former CBI boss and BT chairman Mike Rake.

Britain's manufacturers would reject any plan to open up the country to unrestricted foreign trade, fearing it could wipe out their businesses, an industry body is warning.

Top groups representing more than 100,000 firms have written to Chancellor George Osborne to demand an urgent cut in business rates coupled with action to help companies cope with the Brexit fallout.

Cornwall Airport Newquay has announced passenger numbers up 51 per cent for June, indicating a bright future for Britain's smaller regional airports.

The boss of Coca-Cola's UK business has renewed calls to scrap the sugar tax in the wake of last month's vote to leave the EU.

American aircraft maker Boeing is set to win nearly £3 billion of orders for 50 Apache helicopters and nine P8 maritime patrol aircraft this week from the UK and has promised to boost investment here following the referendum result.

Tata Steel’s proposal to put its European operations into a joint venture with ThyssenKrupp have been criticised by British steelmaker Liberty House as a blow to its own plans to acquire and revive Tata’s UK business.

Farnborogh Air Show is off to a flying start today with £7billion of deals already on the cards.

Burberry is expected to offset slowing sales figures with a £90million boost from the falling value of sterling.

BAD BANKSItaly is in crisis talks with the European Commission to shore up its struggling banks, which are saddled with £308billion in bad debts.

George Osborne is to travel to the US today to herald Britain as a beacon for free trade amid mounting uncertainty in the wake of the Brexit vote.

Foreign shareholders are increasingly uneasy about a German takeover of the London Stock Exchange after it suffered a share price drop in the Brexit turmoil.

CLOSE:London's top flight index rallied towards the closing bell as it was confirmed that Theresa May would be in post as prime minister by Wednesday after rival candidate Andrea Leadsom dropped out of the race.

The latestStar Warsand James Bond movies helped annual profits soar at studios owner Pinewood Group, which also expects theBrexitplunge in the pound to give its business a boost.

Luxury fashion retailer Burberry has replaced Christopher Bailey as its chief executive, as it battles against falling sales and profits.

Market crises, the oil sector’s wobble, Grexit and now Brexit have all failed to hobblePlastics Capital, a business for all seasons (or cycles).

BG’s boss pocketed £15.2million for 11 months’ work before stepping down when his company was taken over by rival Shell.

Europe's stricken banking sector needs a £128billion bailout to stave off collapse, the chief economist at its biggest lender has warned.

When the stock market rises by 20 per cent it is officially a bull market.

Troubled G4S has sold its cash machine division in an effort to slim down its business.

Everywhere you look there are men in uniforms – generals and air marshalls, colonels and commodores from all of the world’s superpowers, and beyond.

BREXIT BILLSInvestment banks face an extra £1.2billion a year in costs if they are forced to move their operations out of London, a report by JP Morgan claims.

CLOSE:The pound has continued its remarkable rally after Theresa May's victory in the race to become the next prime minister helped calm investor fears over political uncertainty.

HSBC has been caught up in another row over the world's giant banks, as a new report claims that it escaped censure for money laundering as it was 'too big to jail'.

Housebuilder and construction firm Galliford Try said it expects its full year profits to be in line with management expectations despite uncertainty in the sector following last month's Brexit vote.

The pound has risen by more than 1 per cent against the dollar in a sign that investor confidence has returned following the appointment ofTheresa Mayas Prime Minister.

ASOS has bucked the trend of clothing retailers suffering a poor spring with a 30 per cent increase in revenues in the four months to 30 June.

Dividend cover for the UK's largest companies has fallen to its lowest level since the end of the recession, according to research that throws into doubt whether the UK's largest companies can afford their payouts to shareholders.

It is a sport many in Britain have probably never heard of.

SLOW DOWNPageGroup said profits rose but its performance has slowed in Britain due to uncertainty over the EU referendum.

Couples taking up the new marriage tax break face bills for hundreds of pounds in unowed tax.

The FTSE 100 fell back fractionally yesterday, losing 0.03 per cent, or 2.17 points, to 6680.69.

  The Odeon cinema chain has been sold by Guy Hands' to US firm AMC Entertainment for £921million.

Luxury fashion brand Burberry has offset slowing sales figures with a £90million boost from the falling value of the pound.

 18.00:The FTSE 100 closed down 10.29 points at 6670.40 as traders waited to find out the shape of the new post-Brexit vote Government under Teresa May.

The boss of pubs group JD Wetherspoon has described Brexit as a ‘modern Magna Carta’ for Britain and hit out ‘irresponsible doom-mongering’ over the impact of the UK leaving the EU.

 There are two sets of seven-foot-high walnut doors that lead from the large pillared court area on the first floor of the Bank of England into the small committee room where the Monetary Policy Committee meet.

 Energy bills will go up by £117 per year by 2030 according to a Government body.

They already have lifestyle coaches and workout routines – now Britain’s top bankers are getting advice on how to ensure a proper night’s sleep.

One of South Africa’s richest men has swooped on retailer Poundland in his bid to conquer Britain’s High Street.

 Theresa Mayhas been urged to block a German takeover of theLondonStock Exchange as one of her first acts as Prime Minister.

Burberry will axe staff as it scrambles to cut costs in the wake of sales in Hong Kong and China sinking by a fifth.

Brexit fears Britain's biggest banks are braced for a drop in demand from borrowers as a result of the Brexit vote.

SuperGroup shares shot higher today after the fashion retailer's profits were handed a boost by a fashion collaboration with actor Idris Elba.

CLOSE:The FTSE 100 closed down 15.93 points or 0.24 per cent at6,654.5  Sterling eased from a two-week high and British stocks traded just below 11-month highs on Thursday on expectations that the Bank of England will ease policy soon after surprising many in the markets earlier by leaving interest rates unchanged.

Two more high street retailers today blamed this spring’s wet weather for a slowdown in sales, but while Halfords shares fell on the disappointment, Mothercare's rose on turnaround hopes.

The pound leapt today as Philip Hammond was named Chancellor and the Bank of England held rates - but shares turned down as an expected base rate cut failed to arrive.

The travel arm of price comparison group Moneysupermarket.com has been hit by an industry-wide slowdown over fears of terrorism.

London’s best pizza maker is expanding across the UK after profits and sales at its parent firm the Fulham Shore soared.

 Retail giant SuperGroup is hoping to crack the US by testing five different types of stores to woo shoppers.

 Gulf Keystone Petroleum tanked after updating shareholders on a balance sheet restructuring.

City investigators are probing a spike in suspicious share trades before big deals over concerns that insider dealers are rigging the market.

 The vow by new Prime Minister Theresa May to scrutinise the impact of foreign takeovers on the British economy marks a radical policy change for the Conservative government and the Downing Street machine.

DIVIDEND BOOST Software group Micro Focus saw shares jump yesterday after doubling its profits and increasing its dividend.

CLOSE:Britain's top share index edged higher on Friday, though travel-related stocks fell after an attack in the French city of Nice that killed more than 80 people.

Bus and train operator FirstGroup saw its first quarter revenues fall and said its UK business could be affected by lower consumer confidence stemming from the UK's decision to leave the EU.

The pound pared gains this morning after the Bank of England’s chief economist painted a bleak picture of post-Brexit Britain and construction data showed a slump in June ahead of the EU vote.

Having not looked at this stock for a while, I was encouraged to see the momentum finally starting to build behindTissue Regenix.

O2’S BOSS has quit after a merger with rival Hutchison failed and plans for a management buyout were blocked.

WHAT DOES IT DO?

Coffee drinkers be warned – the cost of your favourite brew at a cafe could be about to hit £3.

An Indian billionaire is hoping to swoop on Britain’s landmark buildings in the hope he can get a bargain after Brexit.

With every set of terror attacks close to home, shares in airlines and travel firms take hit.

Ineos has now moved its international headquarters back to the UK, six years after the chemicals giant fell out with then prime minister Gordon Brown and relocated to Switzerland.

Shares in tour operators and airlines saw further turmoil this morning in the wake of the attempted coup in Turkey and following last week's Bastille Day lorry atrocity in France.

Visits to shopping centres, high streets and retail parks fell 2.8 per cent in the past four weeks, the weakest result for more than two years.

 Britain's army of small investors could receive a boost due to the dramatic devaluation in sterling.

Iran deal Engineering giant Rolls-Royce is the latest British firm talking to the Iranian Government in the hope of winning a raft of lucrative contracts.

17.15 (close):London's top flight index fell just short of breaking through the 6,700 mark for the first time in eleven months after shares in ARM Holdings soared following its takeover approach from Japan's SoftBank.

British tech star ARM Holdings has agreed a £24billion takeover deal with Japanese giant SoftBank - triggering a row over one of the UK's most successful companies falling into overseas ownership.

Developer British Land has warned that occupiers and investors will take a more cautious approach to the commercial property market following Britain's decision to exit the EU.

Sterling found support today after Bank of England policymaker Martin Weale claimed that 'firmer evidence' is needed before he can make a decision on whether or not rates should be cut in August.

17.15 (close):London's top flight index fell just short of breaking through the 6,700 mark for the first time in eleven months after shares in ARM Holdings soared following its takeover approach from Japan's SoftBank.

It is one thing after another for airlines and tour operators at the moment.

Angry traders are plotting to break away from the world’s largest metals market in a row over fees.

A billionaire hedge fund boss is facing embarrassment after betting heavily against ARM – just before it announced a multi-billion pound takeover and its shares shot up 42 per cent.

Bankers are set to pocket more than £90million of fees from the sale of ARM.

On the day he started his tech firm, Masayoshi Son stood on two apple crates to give an inspirational talk he’d been up all night thinking through.

An American bank has splashed out £300million on a headquarters in the City of London, in a major vote of confidence for Britain following the Brexit vote.

EURO MILLIONS Broadband company Hyperoptic has won £21million in backing from the European Investment Bank.

Royal Mail's revenues nudged higher but the universal postal service revealed it is closely monitoring UK economic growth - as some economists forecast a sharp slowdown following theBrexitvote.

17.15 (close):London's premier index struggled to stay in positive territory as it came under pressure from a gloomy forecast for the UK economy from the International Monetary Fund.

The Footsie rallied in late trading after an International Monetary Fund cut to UK growth forecasts proved less harsh than feared, with Britain tipped to fare better than major European economies.

17.15 (close):London's premier index struggled to stay in positive territory as it came under pressure from a gloomy forecast for the UK economy from the International Monetary Fund.

Deliveroo is conquering Britain one meal at a time – and the takeaway business has just struck a deal to deliver wine and beer to your door.

BREXIT BOOST Goldman Sachs brushed aside the impact of Brexit and uncertainty in financial markets to post a 74 per cent surge in earnings.

While there has been much concern about property funds and trusts being forced into a fire-sale of their buildings of late, some have been quietly shopping.

ARM Holdings's courtly chairman Stuart Chambers says he was first approached about Softbank's £24.3billion takeover a fortnight ago, while holidaying on his luxury yacht.

Worldpay has been forced to apologise as millions of daily transactions are blocked by a technical glitch in its systems.

I have had an account with Virgin Media for broadband for a number of years.

Metal prices throughout the world will be determined from a business park in Chelmsford after the London Metal Exchange was forced to move from its new trading floor.

Netflix shares fell 14 per cent after the company reported subscribers for its online streaming service were a million fewer than expected.

ARM chairman Stuart Chambers is no stranger to Japanese companies taking advantage of the strong yen to launch bids for British companies.

Toys aimed at girls – from Disney Princess dolls to figures from the film Frozen – have given Hasbro a boost.

17.15 (close):The London market stepped up after the Bank of England said the UK showed 'no clear signs' of a sharp economic slowdown following the Brexit vote.

Telecoms firm TalkTalk has provided further evidence that the hangover from a cyber attack which hits its business late last year has subsided, with its churn rate close to an all-time low.

Two travel companies today issued warnings over the impact of last month's Brexit vote and the subsequent sharp falls by the pound on their business.

The new Government has been boosted by figures showing a fresh fall in unemployment and a statement from the Bank of England, which said there was 'no clear evidence' of a slowdown in the UK economy following the vote to leave the EU.

17.15 (close):The London market stepped up after the Bank of England said the UK showed 'no clear signs' of a sharp economic slowdown following the Brexit vote.

Anglo American gave a warning that its copper production would fall by 20,000 tonnes to between 570,000 and 600,000 tonnes after a severe winter at its Los Bronces mine in Chile.

A wine-loving hedge fund boss is off to America to rescue scandal-hit bond manager Pimco.

A £25billion debt at a US mobile phone firm owned by Japanese giant Softbank could scupper the firm’s bid to take over ARM Holdings.

Eurotunnel is expecting a boom in passenger numbers as French shoppers rush to snap up cut-price bargains and take advantage of the cheap pound.

Cuban-themed bars are paying off for chain Revolution Bars Group.

Michael Dubin was making small talk with the father of one of his friends at a party when the subject turned to shaving.

The owner of Cadbury chocolate bars and Oreo cookies is in talks to buy the rights to make Cadbury biscuits in Britain, in a £200millio deal.

JUNCK ROLE British Steel has appointed industry veteran Roland Junck as its new executive chairman.

17.20 (close):The FTSE 100 index at the close was down 29.10 at 6699.89.

This summer will be easyJet's toughest holiday season for years as the airline revealed bookings had fallen after the Brexit vote and passenger confidence has been knocked by a spate of terrorist attacks.

Energy supplier SSE has lost another 50,000 customers in its first quarter and warned of a possible ‘higher degree’ of regulation after Brexit, but said it was still targeting a return to growth this year.

Online appliances retailer AO World saw revenues double in Europe and said it had not yet seen a drop in sales in the UK despite falling consumer confidence in the wake of last month's Brexit vote.

UK retail sales in June fell at their fastest pace since last December as shoppers shunned spending on new clothes in the face of the month's wet weather but there was no Brexit vote impact.

 A whitegoods price war could hit the High Street this year as makers of dishwashers, fridges and washing machines come to terms with changes in the value of the pound.

A Japanese takeover of technology giant ARM could cost Britain millions of pounds in tax each year, City grandees have warned.

The Paris-based maker of Birkin handbags and silk scarves has defied the slowdown in luxury purchases.

 Payments and cash machine giant VocaLink is being sold to MasterCard in a deal worth up to £869m.

The bookie who worked his way up from the shop floor to become chief executive of William Hill has left with immediate effect.

It appears to be proving difficult for any company related to the travel sector to assuage investors’ fears about terror, Brexit and a whole lot else.

CLOSE:The FTSE 100 edged higher on Friday on hopes of further action from the country's central bank following poor UK economic data, with companies like Vodafone and CRH gaining on positive updates.

Ford has turned to one of the world’s oldest Tequila makers for help making some of its most popular cars.

The European Central Bank has chosen to leave interest rates unchanged in a further sign confidence is returning after the Brexit vote.

Shoe in Footwear chain Shoe Zone has appointed Jonathan Fearn as its finance director.

Supermarket giant Sainsbury’s has been given approval by the UK's competition regulator to proceed with its £1.4billion takeover of Argos owner Home Retail Group.

The UK economy has suffered a 'dramatic deterioration', sliding at its fastest rate since the last financial crisis in the wake of Britain's vote to leave the European Union, a survey showed today.

Vodafone shares jumped higher today after the mobile telecoms giant reported better than expected organic service revenues for the three months to July, despite a decline in its UK business.

 Deutsche Boerse has less than a week to win shareholder backing for a takeover of the London Stock Exchange.

Elon Musk, who has pioneered the self-driving car, has set out his masterplan of next big ideas.

 LSL Property Services fell back on a profit warning yesterday, taking many of its rivals down with it.

The £71bn takeover of SABMiller by rival Anheuser-Busch InBev has been thrown into doubt after the fall in sterling caused a row with an activist investor.

Britain’s wheat industry is enjoying a boost from the fall in sterling, following the Brexit referendum vote.

Online betting firm 888 Holdings and casino operator Rank Group are in talks to launch a bid for Britain’s biggest bookmaker.

 Angry employees at British tech giant ARM have issued a plea for shareholders to block the £24bn Japanese takeover of their company.

As Britain’s biggest lenders battle weak share prices amid fears of prolonged low interest rates, better results for the first half of 2016 will do little to calm investor nerves.

Vodafone shareholders should oppose the £5.3m pay of chief executive Vittorio Colao, an advisory group has urged.

 17.25:The FTSE 100 closed down 20.35 points at 6710.13 as a fall in the oil price to less than $45 a barrel undermined investor sentiment.

BUY THIS: Just Eat Deutsche Bank is positive on the mobile phone app which lets you order takeaways.

Profit plug Energy firms should make a profit margin of just 1.25 per cent on household bills, a fifth of the level made by the two biggest suppliers last year, the Competition and Markets Authority has said.

Ryanair plans to focus more on growing at European airports over the next two years and less in the UK, following the uncertainty caused by Brexit.

Business confidence has fallen at its fastest pace since January 2009, the Confederation of British Industry said in a report today.

How many of us as children sat for the final five minutes of a meal pushing that last stem of broccoli around the plate to the parental refrain: ‘eat your greens, they’re good for you’?

The boss of Majestic Wines has asked for his bonus to be distributed to staff, netting them a potential windfall of more than £7m.

BT has made a last-ditch retreat in its 18-month battle to keep hold of its Openreach poles and cables business.

Ryanair is to scale back investment and axe flights in the UK due to the uncertainty surrounding Brexit.

Among the most impressive aspects of the report by MPs into the BHS scandal is the remarkable speed with which the inquiry was conducted.

Brammer shot up after the firm announced that Ian Fraser, who has been chief executive at the business for 18 years, is set to retire.

A senior manager at online estate agent Purplebricks has cashed in more than £340,000 of shares in the company - a day after an expert warned it is not selling houses quickly enough.

Ninento saw £5bn wiped from its value as shares sunk 18 per cent following its admission that the Pokemon Go game would have a limited impact on its profits.

  17.20:The FTSE 100 closed up 13.90 points at 6724.03 as traders await the outcome of a US Federal Reserve meeting on interest rates and Apple's latest results.

Profits at BP have plunged 44 per cent after the oil giant battled with low prices and the continued fallout from the Deepwater Horizon oil spill, which took place over six years ago.

A Bank of England policymaker has hinted that the economy could call for monetary stimulus next week, after a set of gloomy data suggested the impact of Brexit uncertainty could be taking its toll.

Tonic water maker Fevertree Drinks reported a 69 per cent rise in revenues to £40.6million for the first half of the year as drinkers bought premium spirits and mixers in ever-increasing numbers.

A German takeover of the London Stock Exchange scraped through as shareholder enthusiasm waned.

 Sir Hector Sants, the former £700,000-a-year head of the Financial Services Authority (FSA), is lambasted by MPs for failing to pursue HBOS executives following the bank’s near-collapse in 2008.

Profit pounding Engineering giant GKN’s profits fell after its policy of fixing exchange rates eight years in advance meant it did not benefit from the pound’s fall.

Yahoo's boss is set to pocket £43million if she quits after its sale to Verizon.

Blue chip firms have been told to come clean on multi-million pound bonuses for their bosses in order to restore trust in the City.

Oil giant BP will continue to pay a dividend despite racking up a huge £47billion for the 2010 Gulf of Mexico explosion and oil spill.

Time Out, the listings magazine company, plans to use the £90million it raised from listing on AIM to accelerate growth for its food markets.

Asdasales have fallen 5.6 per cent, according to industry data.

Brewing giants face a revolt over a £79billion takeover despite offering more money to angry shareholders.

Ladbrokes and Coral have been told to offload 350-400 betting shops – or scrap their £2.3billion merger.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 26.40 points at 6750.43 after the surprise news that the UK economy expanded 0.6 per cent in the spring despite uncertainty caused by the EU referendum.

 ITV revealed it has put in place cost cutting measures in order to combat the economic uncertainty caused by the UK's decision to leave the European Union as it posted a rise in first half profits.

ARM Holdings, the British technology star which last week agreed to be bought by Japan's SoftBank, today reported strong second quarter growth in both revenues and profits.

Housebuilder Taylor Wimpey has stated it's business as usual after it boosted profits and shrugged off uncertainty following the UK's referendum on the EU.

Britain's bosses went on a shopping spree as 177 directors snapped up £18.5m of shares following the steep falls after the EU referendum result.

Online travel agent On the Beach was keen to provide reassurance after a gruelling few weeks for the travel industry.

A big economic lesson of the turbulent years since the financial crisis of 2008 is that central banks cannot afford to get behind the curve.

 Shares in British property companies rose after builder Taylor Wimpey and housing website Rightmove brushed off fears of a post-Brexit slowdown.

The boss of crisis-hit Deutsche Bank has warned staff of further pain after profits crashed amid mounting concern for Europe's beleaguered financial sector.

Standard Chartered has appointed top economist Jose Vinals as its new chairman.

British tech company ARM Holdings has announced a jump in profits ahead of a planned £23bn takeover by Japanese giant SoftBank.

 17.20:The FTSE 100 closed down 29.37 points at 6721.06 as the price of oil fell back below $43 a barrel amid fears of softer global demand and a supply glut.

British Gas, the UK's biggest energy supplier, lost almost 400,000 customers in the first half of the year as households switched suppliers in their droves.

The prospect of a Lloyds share sale has been thrown into doubt once more, as the bank imposed heavy job cuts, shut 200 more branches and warned on lower interest rates, despite doubling its profits to £2.45billion in half-year results.

 Oil giant Shell notched up a 72 per cent plunge in second quarter profits as the Anglo-Dutch firm became the latest player to be hit by falling oil and gas prices.

Sky posted record annual profits of £1.56billion and added 808,000 new customers as it looked set to benefit from a trend of families staying in.

The number of people going insolvent between April and June jumped by more than a fifth compared with a year earlier, official figures show.

Profits rose at Alton Towers owner Merlin Entertainments in the first six months of the year as it cashed in on the weaker pound.

Jobs shopped The number of retail jobs has continued to fall, showing a ‘dramatic’ structural change in the industry, a new report reveals.

The boss of AstraZeneca has hinted that the company could become a bid target once again, two years after fighting off a £69billion bid from American rival Pfizer.

Britain's blue chips are causing a sales boom for defence giant BAE Systems as those companies seek to protect themselves from rogue employees.

Defence firm BAE Systems reports that the Brexit vote has had no short-term impact on its business.

Pepperoni Passion on a Friday night has yet again helped Domino’s Pizza post a jump in sales.

Bus and train operator National Express headed to Ibiza by buying up a Balearic bus operator to boost international sales.

Pinewood studios, the home of James Bond and Star Wars, has received a £323million takeover bid.

Shares in Rolls-Royce soared as the British engineering giant signalled its turnaround plan was working – despite a dramatic fall in profits.

It is dubbed Super Thursday – a twice annual event when it seems like every big name is reporting results of some kind.

Drinks giant Diageo is beginning to recover from its hangover of global expansion with half-year sales boosted by growth in the US.

Shares in Premier Farnell jumped 18 per cent after a bidding war broke out for the British maker of the Raspberry Pi mini-computer.

17.05 (close):The FTSE 100 index at the close was up 3.37 at 6724.43.

British Airways ownerIAGtook a €148million foreign exchange hit in the second quarter mostly because a weaker pound after Brexit and warned operating profits for the year would rise by a ‘low double digit’.

Profits at estate agent Foxtons tumbled 42 per cent in the first half of the year, and it said the drop was due to the decision to quit the European Union denting Londoners' appetite for buying and selling homes.

Enjoying a rare day in the sun were shares inGulf Keystone Petroleum, which rose almost 6 per cent after the Kurdistan-focused oiler received a $300million bid approach.

17.05 (close):The FTSE 100 index at the close was up 3.37 at 6724.43.

Two brewing giants are finally set to join forces in one of the biggest takeovers in British history.

Two of the world’s richest men have scooped another windfall by cashing in on their booming empires.

Education and media company Pearson was the biggest blue-chip faller as its latest figures disappointed.

The Queen's wine merchant, Berry Brothers & Rudd, has suffered a fall in sales during a 'disappointing' year.

British Airways owner International Airlines Group has brushed off concerns about Brexit, saying: ‘People will continue to fly.’ Chief executive Willie Walsh was upbeat despite a summer of shocks, including terror attacks, strikes in France, an attempted coup in Turkey and a sharp drop in the pound.

BANKERS JAILEDThree former senior bankers have been jailed, for two years or more each, for concealing the loss of billions in deposits at the now defunct Anglo Irish Bank, the biggest accounting fraud in Irish corporate history.

The European Banking Authority has warned there is still plenty work to do for the region's top 51 banks after stress tests showed a number of lenders could have trouble in the face of a large scale economic shock .

Britain's big banks are facing a £1.3billion hit to their profits if, as expected, the Bank of England cuts interest rates on Thursday.

Business leaders and trade unions were united this weekend in calling for the Government to press ahead with building the Hinkley Point nuclear plant as quickly as possible.

Shoppers have been returning to stores after the sudden collapse in consumer confidence in the aftermath of last month’s EU referendum.

Lloyds Banking Group is working to help more than 3,000 staff stay in the UK if their right to work here is taken away as a result of Brexit.

Shareholders resisting the £79billion ‘Megabrew’ takeover of beer giant SABMiller by US rival AB InBev have been warned shares in both groups could fall sharply if the deal fails –as hedge funds cash out and months of planning go to waste.

Budget hotel chain Travelodge is targeting Chinese tourists with its latest site located near Bicester Village, the second biggest attraction for Chinese visitors after Buckingham Palace.

Controversial lender Wonga has been ousted from its place as Britain’s biggest payday loan firm by a fast-growing American rival.

Despite deep concerns over the economic impact of the Brexit vote, the FTSE 100 has soared and may be about to hit a new 12-month high this week.

The construction industry is officially in recession after recording two consecutive quarters of negative growth.

Former SAS officer Mike Gooley has enjoyed a £2million payday as the travel agent chain he founded in 1970 continues to go from strength to strength.

Think you know Virgin, Britain’s biggest brand?

Spread-betting company Spreadex saw turnover and profits rocket last year after it attracted new customers by offering a wider range of betting markets.

Readers with long memories may recall how in 1967, as Britain devalued the pound sharply, the Labour Prime Minister Harold Wilson took to the radio and TV airwaves to declare that the move did not mean ‘the pound in your pocket... has been devalued’.

Royal Bank of Scotland is on course for a ninth consecutive year of losses amid fresh concerns over the health of lenders across Europe.

French Connection has been urged to ditch its infamous FCUK logo by a disgruntled investor.

NEW BOSSCobham is said to be preparing to oust American chief executive Bob Murphy following a disastrous year.

17.15 (close):London's top flight index tumbled below the 6,700 mark as investors baulked at a bleak economic update from the UK manufacturing industry.

17.15 (close):London's top flight index tumbled below the 6,700 mark as investors baulked at a bleak economic update from the UK manufacturing industry.

The publisher of the Daily Mirror newspaper has seen its shares soar after latest results were boosted by the acquisition of regional newspaper group Local World.

Tea might have been an oriental invention but Sainsbury's is now selling it to the Chinese.

Bets against the pound have hit a record high amid frenzied speculation the Bank of England will cut interest rates following the Brexit vote.

Senior swung up on a strong update that saw revenues at the engineering solutions firm rise 4 per cent to £450.5million in the first six months of the year, although operating profit fell 24 per cent to £37.5million.

Miles Roberts has cashed in after selling shares worth more than £1.8million.

Goldman Sachs has been told to reveal any payments it received from Lady Tina Green in connection with her own businesses or that of failed retail chain BHS.

PROFITS SOARTrinity Mirror shares have jumped after the group reported soaring profits and a £10million share buyback.

Morrisons has triggered another supermarket price war by slashing the cost of more than 1,000 products such as tea, baked beans and mince.

A bitter two-year battle to become China’s biggest taxi firm ended yesterday with a £26billion deal between Uber and rival Didi Chuxing.

High street bakery Greggs has seen its sales boosted by Britons buying its healthier ranges.

17.45:The FTSE 100 closed down 48.55 points at 6645.40 as traders digested another poor update from the UK construction industry.

Santander has put in an bid to buy more than 300 bank branches and take on millions of customers from Royal Bank of Scotland.

On the second Tuesday of every month 300 members of the Wraysbury Jazz Club meet at the 1960s red-brick village hall to hear some of the region's best bands.

Property firms' results have been under the spotlight since the EU referendum, providing an insight into the outlook for the industry at a time of uncertainty.

TRUST BOOSTHampshire Trust Bank posted £1.3million in half-year profits after customer numbers rocketed.

Savers are being hit with annual pension withdrawal charges — even if they don't take out any money.

Fresh fears have emerged over the future of Hinkley Point nuclear power station as French trade unions look poised to launch a second legal challenge against the project.

Warren Buffett has promised to lay bare how much he earns in a challenge to presidential candidate Donald Trump.

A fall in the price of oil has caused bookings in the US and Saudi Arabia to dip for the world’s biggest hotels company.

 17.15:The FTSE 100 closed down 11 points at 6634.40 as traders gear up for a probable interest rate cut tomorrow following dismal data revealing declining activity across the services, manufacturing and construction sectors.

British banks are not being tested properly by the Bank of England and would fail the 'more rigorous' tests set by the United States' Federal Reserve, a damning report has suggested.

HSBC has suffered a plunge in profits after the global bank was hit by uncertainty in the lead up to the European Union vote and concerns over economic growth in China.

Fears the Brexit vote could send Britain into another recession mounted today after figures signaled a shock contraction in the dominant services sector.

Next has warned shoppers it is likely to raise its clothes prices after the Brexit vote has led to spiralling costs.

Devro was down as it revealed revenue and pre-tax profit were flat in the first half of the year.

It was the gadget every home wanted in the 1980s – but quickly fell out of fashion as families began to steer clear of fizzy drinks.

Astrazeneca chief financial officer Marc Dunoyer this week snapped up 43,730 shares in the business for £2.2million.

An interest rate cut today is a 'foregone conclusion' as the British economy reels from its worst month since the depths of the last recession, experts said last night.

17.10 (close):More than £27billion was added to the value of Britain's blue chips after the Bank of England pushed the button on its first interest rate cut since 2009, but the pound was sent plunging.

People’s growing devotion to their cats' and dogs’ well-being and appearance has driven sales at Pets at Home higher in the last quarter.

The London Stock Exchange has said its £21billion merger with Deutsche Borse is making ‘good progress’, but that Brexit could have a negative impact on business.

Shares in Aviva and RSA rose today after both insurers posted a rise in operating profits and hiked their dividends for the half year.

Ladbrokes hailed the 'sporting gods' today as the bookmaker moved back into the black for its first half, helped by England's embarrassing exit from Euro 2016.

The pound dropped like a stone against the dollar and the euro but the Footsie soared after the Bank of England cut UK interest rates to a record low of 0.25 per cent and ramped up its economic stimulus measures to combat Brexit worries.

17.10 (close):More than £27billion was added to the value of Britain's blue chips after the Bank of England pushed the button on its first interest rate cut since 2009, but the pound was sent plunging.

SPEEDING UPBritain’s car industry is still racing along, according to latest industry figures.

The FTSE 100 surged forward as the Bank of England announced the first change to interest rates in seven years and a new round of quantitative easing.

A historic British shipping institution is on the brink of passing into foreign ownership after nearly three centuries of independence.

Some  of the big luxury brands in fashion might be suffering a slowdown – but retailer Yoox Net-a-Porter has reported soaring sales.

17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 53.31 points at 6793.47 as strong US jobs figures suggest the world's largest economy is in ruder health than previously grasped by financial experts.

 Royal Bank of Scotland has slumped to a £2billion first half loss after taking a hit over a string of legal issues, notably for further payment protection insurance mis-selling.

Ordinary investors must be wondering how and why shares inAvanti Communicationsare continuing to defy gravity.

A panic button that allows gamblers with addiction problems to lock their online accounts has saved betters more than £25million.

Two Sainsbury's non-executive directors have bought shares as the supermarket's price neared a 12 month low.

Hugo Boss is shutting 20 shops to slash costs and turn around the struggling fashion brand.

The boss of the UK's biggest car-producing plant has shrugged off fears about Brexit saying he is 'reasonably optimistic' a trade deal will be struck.

FLOOD HITEsure profits took a knock from last winter's flooding.

 The FTSE 100 finished the week with a flourish, climbing 0.79 per cent, or 53.31 points to a 12-month high of 6793.47.

A merger of the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Boerse would create a 'quasi-monopolistic' stock market that could dictate fees and harm competition, an investment lobby group has said.

Shares at fast-growing online fashion retailer Boohoo have rocketed close to record highs in recent days on rumours of storming sales in America and hopes that the weak pound will help boost exports even further.

The Lotus Formula One team racked up £241million in losses before its rescue takeover by French car giant Renault.

China’s nuclear bomb-maker is to take a stake in Hinkley Point if the £18billion power station gets the go-ahead from the Government.

The company behind Holiday Inn is being sized up by a Chinese conglomerate in a swoop that could be worth £7billion.

17.20:The FTSE 100 closed up 15.66 points at 6809.13, but a dearth of news made for a quiet summer day on the London market.

The UK government can now sell its remaining stake in Lloyds Banking Group at a profit of £2.7billion, new analysis has calculated.

Posh crisp maker Tyrrells has been snapped by US food giant and SkinnyPop popcorn owner Amplify Snack Brands in a £300million deal.

 Intercontinental Hotels chief executive Richard Solomons offloaded 82,000 shares in the group last Wednesday.

Rumours that Ocado is about to announce a deal with Morrisons today over a new warehouse in Erith, Kent, sent its shares up.

An historic trading floor has cut its fees in the face of pressure from members, writes James Burton.

An online retailer which launched just one year ago, is being bought by Asda owner Walmart for £2.5billion.

Trendy tech start-up LoopUp is set for a £45million stock market listing – netting the founders around £3.5million.

It was once the case that the food sector had more individuals on the annual Rich List than any other industry.

Comparison website Comparethemarket.com looks one step closer to a £2billion stock market float after it appointed bankers to oversee its listing.

Britain's  biggest firms could be forced to pump millions into their struggling pension funds as MPs seek to learn from the collapse of BHS.

NANONCO FALLSTech firm Nanoco has seen its shares tumble after a fall in revenues for the year.

Aviva chairman Sir Adrian Montague bought 7,000 shares in the insurance business last week.

17.45:The FTSE 100 closed up 42.17 points at 6851.30, as the oil price recovery and early gains on US markets heartened traders.

Casino operator Rank Group and online-based 888 have submitted a formal £3.6billion offer for betting firmWilliam Hill.

Troubled bookie William Hill has rejected an 'opportunistic' joint £3.6billion bid from Mecca bingo owner Rank and online gambling firm 888.

Shares in fashion website Boohoo reached a record high after it lifted annual profit forecasts.

The FTSE 100 extended a week-long run, rising 0.62 per cent, or 42.17 points, to 6851.30.

Its banks were blamed for many of the woes of the banking crisis – but now finance firms from Iceland are back.

WORLDPAY RISEPayments company WorldPay saw shares rise after reporting soaring first-half profits.

17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 15.12 points at 6866.42 as traders reacted to a slide in the oil price to below $45 a barrel, putting pressure on Footsie giants BP and Shell.17.25: Other big global markets joined the Footsie in the red, with the US Dow Jones down 40.3 points at 18,492.8 in early trading while Germany's DAX was off 42 points at 10,650.9 and France's CAC 40 fell 16.1 points to 4,452.

High street fashion chain New Look suffered a 7 per cent drop in UK like-for-like sales in the last quarter, citing 'unfavourable market conditions'.

UK firms are expecting to put hiring and expansion plans on hold as they brace for a trading hit following the Brexit vote, according to a Bank of England report.

The owner of popular children's TV character Peppa Pig has rebuffed a takeover approach from broadcasting giant ITV, worth more than £1billion.

A bitter row has erupted over the leadership of rental firm Speedy Hire with a millionaire hedge fund boss demanding the chairman quits.

Providing digital payments is one of Britain's growth industries.

NCC DEPARTUREThe finance boss at NCC Group is to stand down next year due to health reasons.

ITV has been rebuffed in a £1billion takeover bid by Entertainment One (eOne) – makers of Peppa Pig and summer smash The BFG.

17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 48.29 points at 6914.71 after a late rally sparked by a bounce in the oil price and more strong US jobs figures.

South African suitor Steinhoff International has raised its agreed bid for discount retailer Poundland after a US hedge fund investor demanded better terms.

DFS shares soared today after the sofa chain upped its earnings outlook following a record full year performance, remaining upbeat in the face of Brexit uncertainty.

Travel operator TUI Group today declared that there has been no slowdown in UK holiday bookings in the wake of June's shock Brexit vote.

Old Mutual was one of the biggest FTSE 100 fallers today after it reported a slump in profits and said its break-up plans could delayed by a watchdog investigation.

Audiences are flocking to cinemas where they can feel the wind in their hair, get squirted with water or feel their seats vibrate and tilt during car chases.

The bank chief who had an alleged affair with a mistress at a work conference in Singapore lectured other business leaders on being 'simple and boring' and how to set an example to staff.

Investors might want to send a 'Get Well Soon' message to Card Factory, whose shares plunged yesterday on a lacklustre trading update.

Maverick investor Terry Smith attracted £1billion of savers' cash in just three months.

INVESTMENT BUYAegon has bought investment service Cofunds from Legal & General for £140million.

17.20:The FTSE 100 closed up 1.31 points at 6916.02 as markets saw a quiet session aside from a batch of weak data out the US.

 The Restaurant Group, the struggling owner of Frankie & Benny's has ousted its chief executive, replacing him with Andy McCue - the former boss of Paddy Power.

Shine onHarvest Mineralsis our theme tune, after the potash outfit was not the only one this week issuing good news from Brazil.

While the FTSE 100 this week reached a 14-month high, the stock markets across the pond smashed through their record peaks.

CHINA WEAKENSChinese factory output and other economic activity weakened in July.

A controversial plan to change the law to restructure the British Steel pension scheme has been abandoned by the Government.

Animal genetics firm Genus fell after it lost a court decision in a patent row.

A start-up that makes alcoholic ice lollies is poised to raise new funds so it can double in size.

Morrisonswill close its head office today and tomorrow to send the 1,000 staff to stores to help with a rush of customers during the heatwave.

Farmers have been given ‘much-needed certainty’ in the short term after the Treasury’s announcement this weekend that it will cover the cost of EU grants once Britain leaves the European Union, the National Farmers Union has said.

Civil servants in charge of the taxpayers’ stake in Lloyds Banking Group have sought reassurances after it was alleged that its married chief executive pursued an affair during a business trip.

Britain is to forge ahead with plans to develop ‘baby’ nuclear reactors just two weeks after the Prime Minister threw energy policy into chaos by revealing there will be a shock delay to making a decision over Hinkley Point.

Crispin Odey - the charismatic hedge fund manager who correctly bet on the financial crisis of 2008 – has been caught short by the rally since the Brexit vote and is emerging as the worst performing European hedge fund manager so far this year.

A summer frenzy of corporate takeovers is set to heat up, with bidders for bookmaker William Hill and leading TV production group Entertainment One expected to boost their offers by hundreds of millions of pounds.

It has been a busy summer for Amanda Staveley holding meetings with both the prime minister of Greece and the UK’s own newly named PM Theresa May.

Inspiring Learning – the company behind educational adventure trips for thousands of British schoolchildren – is on the verge of being sold to the owner of Pret A Manger.

Former Pensions Minister Steve Webb says the Government should consider calling time on the worst ‘zombie’ pension funds and force them to join the Pension Protection Fund.

A company that creates special passes for tourists, sightseers and visitors to London and major foreign cities could be about to change hands for up to £150million.

The Bank of England's chief economist has said monetary policy can only offer a ‘short-term balm’ for the uncertainty facing Britain's economy following Brexit.

Mining giant BHP Billiton is expected to reveal a record loss of £5billion in its annual results on Tuesday.

Casino operator Rank Group and online gaming firm 888 Holdings have until the end of this week to make a firm bid for William Hill or walk away from the deal.

Marks & Spencer has been lined up as one of the early customers of the first cotton mill to open in more than 30 years.

A poor performance by supermarkets weighed on the 2015 sales and profits of the UK’s 350 biggest companies, new research suggested today.

Bovis Homes today unveiled a strong set of first half results, but its shares fell amid wider concerns about the housebuilding industry since the June Brexit vote.

17.20:The FTSE 100 closed up 25.17 points at 6941.19 as traders welcomed an oil price recovery and bet on a further round of stimulus by central banks.

Betting giant William Hill has cold-shouldered a revised joint takeover bid from Rank and 888, saying it is ‘highly opportunistic’ and ‘substantially’ undervalues it.

Entertainment One was spurred further forward as anticipation mounted that it may receive another takeover bid.

H&M beat forecasts with a 10 per cent rise in July sales following a tough few months.

POUND SINKSSterling fell against the euro and the dollar as investors braced for a flurry of news about the UK economy.

When companies are taken over, most employees are fearful for their jobs.

The new boss of Stock Spirits has bought shares worth £74,442 in a show of confidence the turnaround in the business is under way.

Shares inSagefell today after the software firm confirmed a data breach last week may have seen customer's personal and bank account details being breached.

17.25:The FTSE 100 closed down 47.27 points at 6893.92 as traders assessed the possible responses of central banks to an inflation rate rise in the UK and a decline in the latest US reading.

The owner of Britain's biggest pawnbroker has cheered the recent gold price boom for sending its profits surging.

The world's biggest mining company,BHP Billiton, has recorded its worst ever loss as a slump in commodity prices and impairment charges hammered the firm.

STILL MOTORINGCar sales will continue to grow despite the vote to leave the European Union, one of Britain's biggest dealers has said.

Balfour Beatty has bagged its biggest-ever US contract to transform a 52-mile stretch of Californian railway.

It wasn't just the FTSE 100 mining giants that were in focus on a big day for the sector – a host of AIM-listed players were also making waves.

British companies look likely to face a wave of takeover bids from foreign rivals this autumn, with experts warning that even giants like BT could be in the firing line.

17.15:The FTSE 100 closed down 34.77 points at 6859.15 as investors awaited the latest Federal Reserve minutes for clues to the timing of a US interest rate rise.

 Unemployment continued to fall in the run-up to Britain's vote to leave the European Union and there was a record number of people in work.

Investor confidence has bounced back following a initial shock soon after the EU referendum, a latest poll by Lloyds Bank has revealed.

The boss of troubled defence group Cobham is stepping down – two weeks after insisting: 'I'm staying right here doing my job.'

Estate agent Savills was prime property yesterday after some positive words from Citigroup.

Booming demand for Laura Ashley furniture complete with the company's trademark floral design helped the retail chain offset lacklustre fashion sales.

Civil engineer Balfour Beatty hailed its recovery as it posted a sharp fall in losses and reinstated a dividend of 0.9p.

TAX CLAMPDOWNKPMG has admitted that 'times have changed' after the Government announced plans to fine accountants who help clients avoid tax up to 100 per cent of the amount avoided.

Tech giant Intel is teaming up with arch-rival and takeover target ARM Holdings to make smartphone chips.

17.20:The FTSE 100 closed up 9.81 points at 6868.96 as worries about an early US interest rate rise diminish and trading tails off during the summer lull.

The pound has jumped after shoppersshrugged off June's shock Brexit vote and went on a July spending spree.

The Co-operative Bank was the latest big lender to warn that lower interest rates in the wake of Brexit will hit growth as it revealed lower pre-tax losses of £177million for the first half of the year.

 B&Q owner Kingfisher notched up solid sales growth in the second quarter and said that it has seen 'no clear evidence' of falling demand following the Brexit vote.

The American owner of Asda has blamed fierce competition among supermarkets and falling food prices for the UK grocer's worst-ever quarterly performance.

Millionaire banker Roger Jenkins is set to get into the drugs trade after investing in a venture to grow marijuana.

Billionaire Chelsea football club owner Roman Abramovich was nearly £100million poorer last night after shares dived in his steelmaker Evraz.

Lloyd's of London insurer Lancashire Holdings was in focus on a quiet day in mid-August.

Betting firms 888 and Rank have walked away from a takeover of bookie William Hill, blaming its board for a lack of interest.

For British holidaymakers sunning themselves on the Amalfi coast, admiring the art in the Uffizi in Florence or idling over an espresso in a Roman café, Italy does not feel like a nation on the brink of a crisis.

The scale of the problems facing the new boss of Asda was laid bare yesterday as Britain's second-largest grocer posted its worst sales figures of all time.

FRENCH WOEUnemployment in France has fallen back below 10 per cent to 9.9 per cent, but remains more than twice as high as the UK, where the jobless rate is at an 11-year low of 4.9 per cent.

17.15:The FTSE 100 closed down 10.01 points at 6858.95 as traders pondered future US interest rate moves ahead of a key central bank gathering in Jackson Hole next week.

The biggest ever shipment of English sparkling wine is being sent to America today from producers across the UK.

US and Asian companies are ramping up their interest in British firms as they look to capitalise on sterling's collapse following the EU referendum result.

TAXI ROWA £76million settlement between ride-sharing app Uber and some of its drivers has been rejected by a US judge.

Traders have been talking about a possible takeover of airline easyJet.

Savers piling money into tracker funds are being warned not to invest in the market as it hovers around a 14-month high.

Sir Philip Green is facing fresh scrutiny over how he runs his business empire as politicians look into the pension black hole at his Topshop chain.

British football fans made more than 100,000 trips to France and Belgium during the European Championships, figures show.

Theprice of crude has jumped more than 20 per cent since the start of the month – boosting the beleaguered oil industry but spelling misery for motorists.

The City watchdog is to investigate funds which critics say 'charge too much and deliver too little'.

The £24billion takeover of ARM Holdings by Japanese technology giant Softbank will reach the first stage of approval from investors this week.

Britain's biggest housebuilder will this week calm fears of a post-Brexit housing slowdown – posting a 26 per cent rise in first-half profits.

Marks & Spencer's performance is expected to hit the doldrums this year and may not recover until 2020 at the earliest, according to worrying new forecasts.

Sun and ski travel operator Mark Warner was hit by a double whammy of poor snow in the mountains and the refugee and economic crisis in the Mediterranean, but managed to boost profits due to a focus on costs and refusing to discount.

Sir Martin Sorrell's advertising group WPP is this week set to report net sales of £5.5billion for the first half of the year – with profits up more than 12 per cent to £755million.

American steakhouse chain Black & Blue Restaurants has revealed a sizzling set of results – as turnover in the 12 months to October 31 last year doubled from £6.9million to £13.7million, and pre-tax profits soared almost fivefold, from £135,000 to £654,000.

Small businesses are launching a £1billion legal case against Royal Bank of Scotland – claiming they were destroyed by its turnaround unit.

Executives at the scandal-hit Co-operative Bank are set for a pay rise – despite another six months of losses and fears of more to come.

Embattled British shareholders have faced a dividend squeeze as firms struggled to maintain their profits, a study shows.

BOARDROOM TUSSLEActivist hedge fund Elliott is thought to be about to demand a shake-up at Meggitt after building a 5.2 per cent stake in the engineering firm.

A boom in selfies has driven up revenue for US beauty firm Estee Lauder.

17.20:The FTSE 100 closed down 30.41 points at 6828.5 as a slump in oil and other commodity prices dampened trader sentiment in London.

Sirius Mineralsprovides a graphic illustration of just what can happen to a small-cap that has a great asset and decent management capable of implementing a fairly complex strategy.

A multi-billion dollar US drug industry takeover is tipped to spark more deals in the sector with British giants eyeing up a string of rivals.

China has moved a step closer to its biggest overseas takeover after regulators in the US cleared its proposed acquisition of a Swiss seeds and pesticides giant.

A British space travel company will send a manned rocket into space within the next five years, according to its boss.

RED TAPEFinancial watchdogs are too bogged down in paperwork to focus on catching the next rogue trader, according to the man jailed for bringing down Barings, one of Britain's oldest banks.

Oil and mining stocks dragged the market lower yesterday after Iraq announced it is increasing its oil exports by 5 per cent in the coming days.

Tourists are flocking to the UK to take advantage of the weak pound – fuelling a spending boom.

17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 39.97 points at 6868.51 as traders speculated on what US Federal Reserve boss Janet Yellen will reveal about her thinking on interest rates at this week's Jackson Hole meeting.

Persimmon, the UK's second biggest housebuilder has posted a 29 per cent rise in first half pretax profits as it shrugged aside concerns over the Brexit vote impact.

Rank Grouphas said the Brexit vote will have ‘little or no direct impact’ on its performance as its seeks a new strategy after failing in its bid to buy William Hill.

Institutional shareholders will have the power to veto a £79billion takeover of SAB Miller after a crunch vote won backing from the High Court.

EURO WOESBusinesses in the eurozone are continuing to grow slowly, according to a survey.

Debt-laden Four Seasons has pledged to solve its problems by the end of the year as part of a turnaround effort.

The millionaire boss of Berkeley Group faces a shareholder backlash over his bumper pay in the latest protests over boardroom excess.

It only took a few reassuring words from JRP Group to set a change of direction in motion after two months of share price falls.

The fall in sterling has made the UK one of the world’s cheapest places to buy luxury goods – pushing up sales of Swiss watches following the Brexit vote.

AstraZeneca has signed a $1.6billion (£1.2billion) deal to sell part of its antibiotics business to US rival Pfizer - the group which tried to buy it for $120billion in 2014.

  17.35:The FTSE 100 closed down 32.73 points at 6835.78 as a stronger dollar hit commodity prices, which are denominated in the US currency.

BookmakerPaddy Power Betfairhas reported a jump in profits as it begins to benefit from its merger and sees cost savings flowing a year earlier than expected.

Interest rates and global economic growth will stay 'lower for longer',  advertising giant WPP warned today as it posted another set of strong results.

The finance industry was the latest sector to quash Brexit uncertainty yesterday, as OneSavings Bank said it will continue to focus on what it does best.

Lloyds has ditched controversial targets following claims it pushed staff to use high-pressure tactics to sell products to customers.

Thousands of Northern Rock mortgage customers are stuck on higher interest rates after the private equity firm which owns their debts refused to pass cuts on.

LONDON HQFrench bank Societe Generale is forging ahead with a move to Canary Wharf, casting doubt on warnings of a finance exodus following the Brexit vote.

Britain's FTSE 250 index closed above the 18000 mark for the first time in more than a year last night in a boost for millions of savers and investors.

Britain cannot build enough new homes because of a lack of bricks.

17.15:The FTSE 100 index at the close was down 18.88 at 6816.90.

More evidence emerged today that Britain's resilient consumers could keep the UK economy growing despite uncertainties following June’s Brexit vote.

Celebrity-favourite footwear brand Jimmy Choo has posted rising profits and said it expects a weaker pound in the wake of Brexit to further boost revenues and profits.

Households need to be on their guard against increasingly sophisticated scams, the Financial Ombudsman has warned, as it released details of several complaints it has dealt with.

ITV has decided to walk away from the takeover of TV and film group Entertainment One after it saw its offer rejected by the owner of Peppa Pig earlier this month.

17.15:The FTSE 100 index at the close was down 18.88 at 6816.90.

Britain's airports must be upgraded without delay if the country is to retain its power as a trading hub, a top building boss has said.

BELL QUITSLord Tim Bell, the former spin doctor to Margaret Thatcher, has resigned as chairman of London-based PR giant Bell Pottinger.

A top German regulator has warned a takeover of the London Stock Exchange could pose a major risk to Europe's financial system.

Pharma firms were dragged lower amid talk of a Clinton clampdown on the drugs industry in the US.

More than 5,000 jobs worldwide are expected to go in the merger of brewing giants Anheuser-Busch InBev and SABMiller, around 3 per cent of the combined workforce.

17.35:The FTSE 100 closed up 21.15 points at 6838.05 following a bout of volatility as traders digested Federal Reserve boss Janet Yellen's remarks on future US rate moves.

The owner of Frankie & Benny’s, Garfunkel's and Chiquito will immediately shut 33 restaurants as it tries to turn the business around after customers deserted its outlets.

There is a bit of an oily feel to this week’s review of the small caps withSan Leonleading risers - gushing 71 per cent higher on the day it came back from the dead.

Advisers will land a massive fee bonanza from the £79billion mega merger of two of the world’s biggest brewers – but the tie-up will also lead to around 5,500 job losses.

Jaguar Land Rover has sold more than 100,000 of its luxury 4x4s in just three months for the first time.

HERO: Neil Woodford,chief executive of Woodford Investment Management The star fund manager, 56, whose company has £14billion under management, has scrapped bonuses among his staff arguing that they are ‘largely ineffective’ in boosting performance.

Investors went shopping for shares in Ocado on Friday amid fresh takeover talk.

Tesco’s great sell-off continued this week with the disposal of its Euphorium bakery chain.

The boss of garden paving specialists Marshalls said the Brexit vote two months ago has not hurt its business.

Terrorism in Europe and weak demand in China have taken their toll on Prada.

London housebuilderBerkeleygroup is on the brink of dropping out of the FTSE 100 list of the UK’s leading companies and gold minerPolymetalis set to take its place.

Tea and coffee specialist Whittard has hailed a year of ‘solid progress’ after rebranding its core products, closing loss-making stores – and overhauling its website and mobile offering.

Farmfoods, the frozen food retailer owned by one of Scotland’s wealthiest families, has seen sales and profits fall – but has still paid out a handsome dividend.

 The new boss of Marks & Spencer is planning a U-turn on his predecessor’s foray overseas.

Building firms look set to be kicked out of the FTSE 100 after their share prices crashed in the wake of the Brexit vote, despite signs of their strong performance.

Rutland connects Fashion chain French Connection is reported to have caught the eye of Rutland Partners.

Prince George and his family are fans and now online retailer Notonthehighstreet.com has raised £21m from investors to expand.

BUY THIS:Ryanair Liberum thinks budget airline Ryanair is still worth buying despite terrorism fears for the airline sector.

The UK economy is bouncing back following the Brexit vote, a string of surveys will show this week, in further evidence that optimism is returning after the initial shock of the result.

Shareholders in ARM Holdings today overwhelming backed the £24.3billion takeover of the technology giant by Japan's Softbank.

Despite an alleged dalliance with think-tank hotty Wendy Piatt, Antonio Horta-Osorio's £8.7million-a-year berth at Lloyds is said to be safe for the time being.

Britain's banking giants are being threatened by upstarts which have weathered the referendum storm and are investing heavily in new technology.

SIMON BACKINGMonsoon Accessorize founder Peter Simon is backing a social network planning to raise £20million to expand.

The struggling boss of Burberry has cashed in £253,500 of shares after the price climbed steeply when he was moved to a new job.

Accountancy giant Deloitte has seen revenues top £3billion for the first time as its partners pocketed average pay of £837,000.

Shares in blue chip business services firmBunzlrose today as a strong performance in continental Europe helped offset a subdued UK market to boost its profits.

17.15 (close):London's premier index struggled to make headway as falling copper prices took their toll on the mining giants.

17.15 (close):London's premier index struggled to make headway as falling copper prices took their toll on the mining giants.

Barclays has got rid of its loss-making Italian business as part of its drive to focus on its retail, corporate and investment activities in the UK and US.

Supermarket giant Tesco has been stricken by short sellers gambling that its shares would suffer later this year.

The crisis in global shipping deepened yesterday as concerns about the future sent shares in two major players tanking.

 Investors were in a spin after learning that Gym Group was bulking up.

 Foreign investors are thought to be eyeing more of Britain’s tech pioneers after the sale of ARM Holdings to the Japanese.

Sebastian Edwards doesn’t look particularly like a big risk taker or radical.

 A former Barclays trader is being fined £920,000 by US authorities over his part in a massive currency exchange rigging scandal.

Petrofac profit Oil services firm Petrofac has put the headache caused by the delay of the Laggan-Tormore gas plant development behind it.

17.20:The FTSE 100 closed down 39.28 points at 6781.51 as US rate hike fears and another fall in the oil price dampened trader sentiment in London.

Euro 2016 and further expansion into the Continent has helped online gaming firm888 Holdingsreport a rise in first half profits and revenue.

Vernon Hill, 71, launched Metro Bank in the UK after becoming a billionaire by launching Commerce Bank in the US.

All eyes were on the FTSE as the market closed to reveal the first reshuffle since the referendum vote.

The Big Four accountancy firm that gave a clean bill of health to sub-prime lender Cattles shortly before its near collapse has been ordered to pay more than £3m in fines and legal fees.

AstraZeneca has been forced to fork out £4.2m to settle a bribery probe over allegations staff used gifts and cash to persuade doctors to buy its drugs.

The creator of the Brompton folding bicycle has stepped down from the company’s board – disgruntled at the way the business is run.

Cheaper fees Hargreaves Lansdown has added 13 tracker funds to its Wealth 150 Plus list of top investments for the first time.

Investors returning from holiday will be bracing themselves for the traditional September stock market wobble.

17.30:The FTSE 100 closed down 35.54 points at 6745.97, as traders awaited an influential US jobs report and responded to a surge in the pound after strong factory data.

 The bitter row between tool rental firm Speedy Hire and a hedge fund that wants its boss to quit turned even nastier yesterday.

Critics of Brexit could do worse than head down to their local bookshop and buy a copy of the latest economic treatise by Nobel prize winner Joseph Stiglitz.

The battle for control of Poundland took a fresh twist after a voracious New York hedge fund raised its stake in the high street chain to nearly 25 per cent.

Chatter among traders suggested FTSE 100 engineering firm GKN could be about to be wooed by a big bid.

When staff at investment bank Goldman Sachs were asked to come up with their must-read list of books to inspire and entertain new staff members it gave a revealing insight in to the secretive bank.

An American appetite for Irish whiskey has driven sales at drinks giant Pernod Ricard, which has reported strong growth in the United States.

Lush exodus Cosmetics maker Lush is relocating 18 staff from Britain to Germany.

17.35:The FTSE 100 closed up 148.63 points at 6894.60 after US jobs growth undershot forecasts and all but ended expectations of a rate hike across the Atlantic this month.

It has been a funny few days forBond International, maker of software used by the recruitment industry after receiving two bid approaches in little over a week.

Online fashion retailer ASOS has dug deep into its pockets for a £20.2million payout in order to settle a trademark dispute with two firms in Switzerland and Germany.

Sterling was on the road to recovery again today after data showed the construction sector to be resilient in the aftermath of the Brexit vote.

Around these parts it is unfashionable to praise the European Union.

More than 150,000 jobs were created in the US last month – but the weaker than expected figure could force the Federal Reserve to delay plans to raise interest rates.

The Government has granted £500,000 to a small British firm that is on track to develop a Zika vaccine.

Victoria Beckham is rewarding those who have helped her rise to the top by dishing out thousands of shares in her business to her closest aides.

Brickmaker Ibstock was among the biggest fallers in London as its largest investor sold 40.5million shares.

Five hundred jobs will go at Marks & Spencer's London headquarters, according to a report today.

Man changes The world’s biggest listed hedge fund Man Group has been shaken up by its new chief executive, Luke Ellis.

Critics in the City have hit out at moves to rein in fat cat bonuses by making annual pay votes binding.

Pop stars enjoyed a record year of earnings from public performances of their music in 2015, the industry’s royalty collector has revealed.

Remember the big row over Ireland, the EU and billions of pounds in taxpayers’ money?

It was one of the busiest days of the year for motorway services at the weekend.

Poundland and Speedy Hire both face crucial votes this week as activist investors flex their muscles.

One of Britain's brightest tech stars will disappear from the London Stock Exchange this week after its sale to a foreign buyer.

Canadian doughnut giant Tim Hortons is seeking to break into the British market by opening its first UK stores.

COFFEE EXPANSIONNespresso is planning to open four new 'boutiques' in the UK before the end of the year.

High-street retailer Marks & Spencer has confirmed it is axing 525 jobs at its head office in a bid to cut costs.

17.35:The FTSE 100 closed down 15.18 points at 6879.42 as a bounce-back in the services sector boosted the pound to $1.33, diminishing the currency effect that has favoured London-listed multinationals since the Brexit vote.

One of the UK's oldest financial institutions has warned it could be forced to move parts of its business to the EU, unless single market access in a post-Brexit Britain is secured.

Britain's powerhouse services sector bounced back last month and returned to growth following July's contraction.

Joules, the retail darling of the middle-classes, surged by just under 10 per cent ahead of results tomorrow.

Oil rose back towards $50 a barrel after Saudi Arabia and Russia struck a deal that could stabilise the market.

Goldman Sachs is snapping up 27 British properties worth £338million in a deal to give it a larger foothold in UK real estate.

Activist investor Toscafund has attacked two Speedy Hire board members in a last-gasp attempt to oust boss Jan Astrand.

A US media giant is closing in on a deal to take over Formula One after months of speculation about the sport's future.

Young middle-class Indians desperate to dress like celebrities have sent sales soaring 115 per cent at online fashion brand Koovs.

ARM BOSSESThree SoftBank executives have been appointed to the board of ARM following its £24.3billion takeover.

Sainsbury's will more than double the number of Argos outlets in its stores by Christmas.

Barclays has been accused of hiding emails which would expose its controversial dealings with Qatari investors.

17.30:The FTSE 100 closed down 53.37 points at 6826.05 following a fresh slide in the oil price and poor US service industry data.

Retail sales slipped last month as warm summer weather put shoppers off going to the high street, a report has revealed.

The number of passengers travelling with budget carrier easyJet climbed by 6.8 per cent to over 72 million passengers in the year to August, up from 68 million in 2015.

Corporate deal-making pretty much dried up in the run-up to the Brexit vote as firms put merger and takeover moves on hold, according to official figures.

Thousands of BHS customers have had their personal details sold to a company in Qatar, the Mail can reveal.

Lloyds of London's annual City dinner, attended by 200-odd financial grand fromages, was rounded off with a speech by the firm's estimable boss Inga Beale.

A robot that thinks for itself is being used by online stores Littlewoods and Very to chat to customers and suggest items that they might like.

David Williams has taken advantage of a recent lift in the building materials firm’s share price to take £4.8million out of the business.

German chemicals giant Bayer has made a fresh swoop for American seed firm Monsanto in a bid to snap it up for £49billion.

Two of Britain's richest housebuilders are millions of pounds richer after shares in the companies they run bounced back.

EURO CRISISThe struggling eurozone economy managed growth of just 0.3 per cent in the second quarter of the year – half the 0.6 per cent rate of expansion in the UK.

17.20:The FTSE 100 closed up 20.53 points at 6846.58 as traders weighed Bank of England boss Mark Carney's comments to MPs about the health of the economy following the Brexit vote.

Amazon and Deliveroo will go head to head in the competitive food delivery market after the US internet giant announced a new takeaway service for certain parts of London.

 Drug maker Vectura jumped up the FTSE 250 leaderboard after revising profits estimates upwards for the year following stellar sales of its flutiform asthma treatment in the first half.

Secretive hedge fund Elliott Advisors has waved through a £610m takeover of Poundland after months of speculation it might block the deal.

Banks are facing fresh scrutiny over ruthless tactics that punish both savers and borrowers when interest rates fall.

 Just after nightfall on January 20, 2007, a group of American military officers and their Iraqi colleagues were about to meet in Karbala, around thirty miles south of Baghdad, to discuss security co-ordination for the Shi’a Muslim holiday of Ashura.

 HSBC could face criminal charges after the arrest of a top trader for allegedly rigging currency markets.

Britain’s second biggest brickmaker has been forced to turn off the kilns at two sites as it battles falling demand.

17.20 (close):UK stocks shrugged off inaction from the European Central Bank on Thursday and climbed higher on the back of a mega-deal between Micro Focus International and Hewlett Packard Enterprise.

Sell-off halted A plan to privatise the Land Registry has been scrapped by the Government after it was met by a barrage of protest.

Property portal Zoopla was upbeat on its full year prospects as homes listed on its website hit 925,000 in the year to August, while uSwitch also provided a boost.

Dixons Carphone clocked up a healthy rise in sales over the summer as the merged electricals and mobile phones giant said it has not seen signs of a Brexit hangover.

Shares inMicro Focussoared by 16 per cent after the UK firm agreed to buy the software arm of Hewlett Packard Enterprise for more than $8.8billion (£6.6billion).

17.20 (close):UK stocks shrugged off inaction from the European Central Bank on Thursday and climbed higher on the back of a mega-deal between Micro Focus International and Hewlett Packard Enterprise.

During the late 1960s the Santa Clara valley and the neighbouring city of San Jose in California were home to fewer than half a million people.

The two daughters of Bernie Ecclestone are set to share a £500million windfall from the sale of Formula One to an American media tycoon.

They are meant to be bastions of investing expertise for the ultra-rich.

Planning laws may be ripped up to allow a new runway at one of the UK's airports to be finished within two or three years, according to Government sources.

Medical firm GW Pharma, which makes drugs from cannabis, saw its shares hit a high on hopes it might become the latest participant in the takeover frenzy that has gripped the healthcare sector in the last couple of years.

Stobart Group is boosting its energy business and said it is in line to hit full-year profit forecasts.

SUPER MARIOShares in Nintendo have leapt 18 per cent after the computer games giant announced Super Mario will make his smartphone debut on the iPhone.

Gavin Patterson has seen his potential bonus pot swell by more than £300,000.

The boss of Sky saw his pay fall by almost three quarters last year, but will still take home £4.7million, according to the latest annual report.

The UK has ground out more positive post-Brexit economic data ahead of next Thursday's Bank of England meeting when it is expected 'the Old Lady' will leave UK interest rates on hold.

17.15 (close):London's top-flight index was in doldrums as investors remained downbeat after the European Central Bank failed to launch a fresh round of monetary stimulus on Thursday.

Britain's trade deficit fell £1.1billion in July as manufacturers cashed in on the weaker pound.

The man behind Micro Focus's £6.6billion takeover of a US rival is set to take home a Silicon Valley-sized pay packet if the deal goes through.

Speedy Hire's boss has survived an attempt to oust him by the tool rental company's biggest shareholder.

Shareholders in Next and Morrisons are hoping sales will have grown again when the stores update the City on their trading next week.

TORY BIDJohn Lewis boss Andy Street has applied to become the Conservatives' candidate for Mayor of the West Midlands and will step down from his role at the retailer if successful.

The French boss of the London Stock Exchange is taking part in crunch Brexit talks to protect the City – despite campaigning fiercely in favour of Remain.

Sales have soared at Sweaty Betty as its printed leggings ranges proved a hit with fitness fans.

The boss of Lidl’s UK business has stepped down after overseeing the German budget supermarket’s rapid rise across the country.

Leave campaigner and chairman of Wetherspoons Tim Martin has used a bumper set of results to attack the ‘scaremongers’ who warned of a post-referendum economic collapse.

Fears for the pensions of hundreds of workers at turkey giant Bernard Matthews were raised last night.

Investor appetite for targeted absolute return funds remains high despite regulatory concerns that some of these vehicles are too complex and riddled with high charges.

Blue-blooded bank NM Rothschild is facing an embarrassing lawsuit from four British pensioners who claim it mistreated them over mortgages.

BUY THIS: Aldermore Investec is confident that niche lender Aldermore can overcome any Brexit blues to outperform its larger rivals.

BUDGET CLOTHES Poundland could dramatically expand its clothing range, the firm’s new owner has said.

Coal might be all but dead in the UK – but worldwide prices are enjoying a surprise resurgence.

The £13bn British Steel pension scheme could be thrust into a protective lifeboat amid reports that the Government has ruled out controversial changes to its rules.

Luxury greetings card seller Paperchase is gearing up for a £150m float on the stock market, sources claim.

17.10 (close):London's top-flight index slumped to a six week low as central bank jitters and concern over Hillary Clinton's health weighed on global markets.

 A watchdog will question major lenders after it emerged that some were punishing savers without helping borrowers following a Bank of England base rate cut.

Global shares fell sharply today, with the FTSE 100 index losing around 1.1 per cent amid caution in the face of diverging monetary policies in the US, UK and Europe.

Associated British Foods' shares took a tumble as sales at its flagship Primark stores unit declined, while the group's pension scheme moved from a surplus to a deficit.

17.10 (close):London's top-flight index slumped to a six week low as central bank jitters and concern over Hillary Clinton's health weighed on global markets.

Tamara Mellon is suing her former employer Jimmy Choo amid claims the company set out to sabotage her new venture.

 More than £878m was wiped off Primark shares after it warned sales would fall for the first time in its history.

The James Eadie whisky brand is being relaunched by the great-great-grandson of the founder, more than 160 years after it was established.

A £691m takeover of Raspberry-Pi computer-maker Premier Farnell by a US rival has been backed by shareholders.

An era of rock-bottom interest rates is coming to an end, senior bankers warned last night.

After a relatively quiet summer, the stock market continued on the downward trajectory it has been on since the City returned from its holiday.

Drugs sale GlaxoSmithKline is selling its portfolio of anaesthetic drugs to South African firm Aspen Pharmacare for up to £280m.

Ocadohas seen orders shoot up to their highest level in five years over the summer, brushing aside fears that competition from the nascent Amazon food delivery service had hit its business.

17.45:The FTSE 100 closed down 35.27 point at at 6665.63 as sterling fell to a one-week low after inflation figures undershot forecasts and energy and mining stocks weighed down the index.

PROFITS UPHilton Food said favourable exchange rates helped lift half-year profit 26.7 per cent to £16.7million.

Turn north off the High Street in Sunderland city centre, wander past Nando's and the Empire Cinema, you'll bump into a huge high-rise building on a roundabout next to the River Wear.

A buying frenzy lifted Johnston Press's shares by 70 per cent after hopes that an activist hedge fund was about to demand changes on the board.

When Darren Topp was last seen publicly, he was telling MPs how the disgraced owner of BHS had threatened to kill him after he discovered a £1.5million discrepancy in the firm's accounts.

The slow death of the traditional weekly shop and a fierce supermarket price war sent shares in Ocado tumbling nearly 14 per cent.

Winkworth was the latest name from the property sector to reassure shareholders that it is business as usual post-Brexit.

Go Compare will float on the stock market in a listing that will be worth up to £450million.

Budget chain Pure Gym is looking to raise £190million as it gears up to float on the London Stock Exchange later this year, with its aim to build on its success in the UK.

Galliford Tryhas told investors that sales rates and prices at its housing division picked up after a short lived decline following the UK's decision to leave the European Union.

17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 7.68 points at 6673.31 as expectations that Libya will soon resume oil exports and news of building US stockpiles sparked a fresh fall in the price of crude.

Homewares retailerDunelmpledged to press ahead with expansion plans, despite uncertainty created by the Brexit vote, as it posted a rise in profits.

A German takeover of so-called Frankenstein food firm Monsanto is to go ahead in a £49billion deal.

A top banker covered up a report that exposed a culture of risk-taking and greed at Barclays, an investigation shows.

Barclays analysts sent EasyJet shares lower with an update on the airline sector.

At 10am on Sunday in Wimbledon, south-west London, there are already queues at the tills in the newest supermarket in town.

Ryanair boss Michael O'Leary was brought down to earth last night by shareholders protesting about his £2.7million pay package.

HSBC FINEDHong Kong’s securities watchdog, the SFC, has slapped HSBC with a £243,993 fine for regulatory breaches dating back to 2014.

She was known as the fairy godmother of the High Street after overhauling the image of Whistles from frumpy to fashionable.

The maker of Peppa Pig toys is pinning its hopes for a Christmas craze on Twozies – a new range of collectable 2.5in dolls wearing onesies, each with its own pet.

17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 56.99 points at 6730.30 as traders digested the Bank of England's decision to keep rates on hold and a slew of new economic data out of the US.

Fashion chainNextposted a drop in half year profits today as shoppers refrained from buying full-price clothes but reiterated that it expects to hike prices next year.

Waste management firm Biffa is to return to the London stock market next month after an eight-year absence in the biggest flotation since the EU referendum.

Recently-listed digital estate agencyPurplebrickshas reiterated that it will make a profit this financial year.

Shares in sausage maker Crawshaw were butchered after a disappointing update.

One of Britain's biggest car makers is planning an export boom outside Europe after Brexit as it seeks to boost profits from the US and Canada.

A new era of British industry was heralded in last night as ministers effectively spelled an end to vital firms being sold to foreign buyers.

Business intelligence group Informa is snapping up an American rival in a further show of strength for UK deal-making.

Fashion chain H&M has unveiled a new commercial featuring David Beckham as its tries to fight off a slowdown in sales.

Workers pocketed a record £44.3billion of bonuses last year – overtaking the peak before the financial crisis.

TRIAL SUCCESSWatchdogs are to be asked to back a new shingles vaccine for older people after trials showed it was effective on 90 per cent of over-70s tested.

Struggling Italian bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena has lost its chairman and gained a new chief executive as it desperately tries to secure a rescue plan.

17.30:The FTSE 100 closed down 20.02 points at 6710.28 as the size of a proposed US fine on Deutsche Bank shocked traders.

Morrisonshas notched up a third straight quarter of sales growth as the supermarket continues its turnaround under chief executive David Potts.

British closed-book insurance firmPhoenix Grouphas confirmed it is in 'advanced discussions' over buying Abbey Life Assurance from Germany's Deutsche Bank.

Banking shares suffered big falls today after Germany's Deutsche Bank had a hefty $14billion US fine slapped on it, triggering fears over a new era of bank bashing.

What a turnaround we’ve seen atPremier African Minerals, led by the doughty George Roach.

Victoria Cleland, chief cashier at the Bank of England, thrusts the new £5 note in to my hand.

Private equity firm SVG Capital stuck a spanner in the works for HarbourVest’s takeover bid when it brought forward its half-year results yesterday, claiming that competing offers were in the offing.

His suave looks, neatly cut suits and baritone delivery have led some to dub him the George Clooney – or Don Draper – of banking.

 Lidl's new boss has vowed to keep up the pressure on rival grocers by opening new shops and hiring even more staff.

Royal Bank of Scotland is facing the threat of a crippling multi-billion-pound fine for selling toxic mortgage securities.

 Nine US bank bosses should have been investigated and charged by the FBI over the financial crisis in 2007, documents just published have revealed.

A flagship Boots store on Oxford Street in central London has been snapped up by Norway’s sovereign wealth fund as it hunted for bargains after the Brexit vote.

Some of the biggest airlines that use Gatwick for key international routes said last night they did not support the airport’s proposal for a second runway.

The owner of Krispy Kreme’s UK operations is expected to push the button on a £200m float this week.

Failed oil producer Afren is being investigated by the Serious Fraud Office.

BUY THIS:Informa Deutsche Bank says Informa is a ‘buy’ after the publishing and events business announced it was acquiring US trade show operator Penton for £1.18bn.

The FTSE 100 closed up 103.27 points at 6813.55 as commodity stocks gained on the back of a firmer oil price and a weaker dollar.

LSE probe The planned merger between Deutsche Boerse and the London Stock Exchange is facing a more stringent EU probe after being referred to regulators for an initial review last month.

Warning signs remain about the world economy even though global markets bounced back from Brexit, the Bank of International Settlements said.

Sales at Cathedral City to Clover spreads firmDairy Crestwill be hit by a sudden rise in the price of milk after years of decline, the company warned today.

Outsourcing firmMitiehas warned its operating profits will be 'materially below' previous expectations amid 'uncertainty' in the run up to and after the EU vote.

Rolls-Royce will get rid of another 200 management jobs on top of the 400 already axed as part of its wide-reaching cost-cutting programme.

Oil is slowly climbing back to $50 a barrel as a deal between Saudi Arabia and Russia and an agreement on production in Venezuela helped to stabilise prices.

The Labour MP who led demands for Sir Philip Green to plug the hole in the BHS pension scheme is calling for an investigation into the takeover of turkey producer Bernard Matthews.

 WH Ireland soared on rumours that Kuwaiti investors are looking to buy a stake in the business.

Unilever continued its 'green' spending spree yesterday amid reports that it was planning to buy Jessica Alba's household goods company for around £760million.

Finsbury Food has posted strong full-year figures thanks to Ghostbusters and Pokemon.

FOUNDER ROLEThe co-founder of Paragon Entertainment will step down from his job as chief executive into a new development director post.

The Australian law firm crippled by its takeover of Quindell's ambulance-chasing business is planning to sue the British company, writes Hugo Duncan.

Paul Gilbert found himself £698,700 better off last week after selling 332,713 Gym Group shares.

17.30:The pound fell to five-week lows today as investors looked forward to the much-awaited monetary policy decisions from the US and Japan central banks tonight.

Fashion chain French Connection has unveiled another big loss for the first half of this year of £7.9million, although sales at its stores returned to growth.

Britons toasting Olympic and Paralympic sporting success helped the Big Four supermarkets enjoy their best run of sales growth for at least two years.

GlaxoSmithKline’s consumer health boss Emma Walmsley will replace Sir Andrew Witty as the drugs giant's chief executive when he retires at the end of March 2017.

Strong demand in the UK and Poland helpedKingfisherpost a rise in profits, but the group remained cautious on the outlook for France - its most profitable market.

Fears have mounted among Fastjet investors that the budget airline could run out of cash after the firm revealed mounting losses and drastically depleted reserves today.

Santander has walked away from talks to buy Williams & Glyn from Royal Bank of Scotland in a bust-up over price.

Nightclub group Deltic is planning an £8million investment despite fears of a crisis in the sector.

Ron Marsh has splashed out £209,000 on shares in Polypipe.

 Shares in sports betting and gaming group GVC Holdings hit an all-time high after it reported a 12 per cent increase in revenue.

ARM Holdings has announced a bid to break into the driverless car industry – its first innovation since a £24billion takeover by the Japanese.

Desperate customers were hounded with threatening messages and had money swiped from their bank accounts without permission.

B&Q owner Kingfisher has thousands of lightbulbs, heating products and hand tools stuck at sea on ships owned by bankrupt South Korean shipping giant Hanjin.

Confidence is returning to the housing market following the Brexit vote with George Osborne's tax raid on buyers the primary factor behind the slowdown in London, according to experts.

INDIAN SALEBP has sold another portion of its stake in its Indian subsidiary, taking its holding down to 51 per cent.

17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 3.98 points at 6834.77 amid caution on financial markets ahead of tonight's interest rate decision by the US Federal Reserve, the world's most powerful central bank.

Majestic Wineshares tanked today after the firm warned on profits due to tough trading at its commercial arm and a costly marketing campaign for Naked Wines in the US.

 September’s hot weather hit sales and profits at clothing retailer Bonmarche but it did not deter Zara’s shoppers, updates from the two companies showed today.

The shock vote to leave the European Union has not dented demand for holidays among Britons over 50 years old, according to travel and insurance companySaga.

SAGA SURGEBrexit hasn't put off the over-50s from overseas holidays, according to Saga, which has posted a boost in profits.

The son of a market trader has amassed a £500million property empire and a giant stake in troubled retailer French Connection while also running one of Britain's fastest-growing furniture chains, the Mail can reveal.

The boss of property website Zoopla has sold a third of his shares in the company, worth £13.8million.

Maverick investor Terry Smith has more than doubled the amount of money he has invested in his own funds to £200million.

The Federal Reserve left interest rates in the United States unchanged last night – but hinted that they could rise again before the end of the year.

The boss of the world's second- largest miner has seen his pay cut by more than 50 per cent in the wake of a deadly dam disaster which has lumbered the UK-listed firm with a £37billion legal claim.

Bernard Matthews has been bought by the owner of the 2 Sisters Food Group in a deal that will safeguard 2,000 jobs.

17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 76.63 points at 6911.40 as traders welcomed the Federal Reserve's decision to keep US interest rates on hold again.

A key Bank of England policymaker has said that further economic stimulus is probably unnecessary, given that the effects of Brexit have been 'less stormy' than expected.

Mortgage lending rebounded strongly in August suggesting that fears raised over the housing market in the wake of the Brexit vote have been 'wide of the mark'.

A giant debt-for-equity swap at oil producer Gulf Keystone Petroleum has provided a lifeline for the troubled operator.

Euronext is right to speak out against the 'merger of equals' between the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Boerse.

The life cycle of a chief executive in Britain's boardrooms is extraordinarily short.

Dr Jonathan Milner, one of the founders of life sciences firm Abcam, pocketed £10.55million as he reduced his holdings.

PROFITS LEAPConstruction and infrastructure group Kier posted a 45 per cent leap in underlying pre-tax profits to £125million for the year to June 30 after seeing revenues surge by 26 per cent.

Hong Kong's richest man has joined the bidding war to snap up a majority stake in National Grid's gas distribution network – worth an estimated £6billion.

A bitter trade war has broken out between America and the EU over billions of pounds paid in subsidies to the world's biggest plane makers.

Three former Tesco executives have appeared in court for the first time to deny charges in relation to the £326million accounting scandal at the supermarket.

The boss of Reckitt Benckiser has been forced to apologise after one of its chemicals caused more than 100 deaths in South Korea.

The FTSE 100 is once again within touching distance of a year-high and teetering close to the 7000 mark.

The Co-operative Group has seen its profits sliced in half as restructuring costs and investments in price cuts took their toll on the firm.

Fears for the UK's stature as a prime financial centre grew today after the boss of the London stock market warned that Brexit could cause massive job losses in the City.

17.30:The FTSE 100 closed down 1.97 points at 6909.43 as the oil price put in a volatile performance amid speculation that Saudi Arabia and Iran could strike a deal to cut production next week.

Shares in Twitter jumped 21 per cent in New York today after a news source reported that Google and other tech giants are set to bid for the social media network.

Their supposed benefits as superfoods have made them fashionable in the West, but the prices of avocados and coconut water are set to climb.

China's richest man Wang Jianlin has signed an agreement to invest in Sony Pictures through his business Wanda – in yet another signal of the nation's voracious appetite to invest overseas.

Silly season bid rumours tend to come and go.

There were warnings of financial Armageddon – but three months on from the UK's decision to leave the EU the average fund is now in profit.

Shares in British pharmaceuticals company Indivior swung wildly yesterday after it was accused of profiteering from a drug to treat heroin addicts.

John Dawson has sold nearly £1.4million of shares in the company he founded.

CVS SURGEVeterinary giant CVS Group has posted a 30 per cent  boost in revenues as it says Brexit will have a 'limited' impact on growth.

The hedge fund boss dubbed The Rottweiler has doubled his stake in insurer Esure just weeks before its Go Compare arm is split off.

Seeing Machineshas enjoyed a decent week, with a rise of 30 per cent, sparked by a reboot of its driver monitoring technology.

The AA is expected to reveal profits of £194million this week as it tries to arrest declining customer numbers.

Miriam Gonzalez Durantez, the wife of former Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg and an expert in EU trade law, has been hired as board director by the London arm of Swiss banking giant UBS.

German drug and crop chemical maker Bayer is considering dropping the name of US seeds company Monsanto if its £50.9billion acquisition goes ahead.

PRODUCTION BRAKEManufacturer MG has stopped production at its Longbridge plant in Birmingham.

Legoland could be set to almost double the number of theme parks it has across the globe.

Mobile phone provider O2 is thought to be gearing up to list on the stock exchange in a flotation which would value the business at £10billion.

Bosses of Britain's biggest businesses say they are feeling confident, three months on from the EU referendum.

17.30:The FTSE 100 closed down 91.39 points at 6818.04 as traders braced for a fiery US presidential debate, which could make or break either of the two main candidates to lead the world's most powerful nation.

Aldi is churning £300million into improving its stores, sprucing up fixtures in its alcohol, fresh produce, baby and food-on-the-go aisles, it announced this morning.

China's shrinking economy poses the biggest threat of all to global economic stability, a former chief economist of the International Monetary Fund warned.

Every day around 1,300 cars roll off the production line at Britain's biggest car plant in Sunderland.

While travel firms across the globe have been hit by terror fears and worries about the Zika virus, bookings have been going well for cruise companies.

Monarch Airlines needs to reapply for its Air Travel Organisers' Licensing certificate by this Friday or it will be unable to sell further package holidays.

Lamprell leapt for a third consecutive day after a lucrative contract win.

Aldi is selling nine bottles of wine a second as it plans a £300million revamp to take on Waitrose.

The German takeover of the London Stock Exchange is facing a prolonged probe from Brussels competition authorities.

BT could be forced to spend up to £15million after claims it ripped-off rivals by charging too much for fixing faulty broadband lines.

Theresa May recently invited a group business dignitaries to Downing Street for supper, intended as an informal, get-to-know you affair.

OPEC MEETINGMajor oil producers meet in Algiers this week, raising hopes of a supply deal that could support floundering Crude prices.

17.35:The FTSE 100 closed down 10.37 points at 6807.67 as traders absorbed the fallout from last night's contentious US presidential debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump.

Bookings at Thomas Cook remain under pressure as the travel market continues to be affected by recent terror attacks.

Plumb Center owner Wolseley has announced plans to axe 800 jobs in the UK as it looks to plug leaks in its balance sheet.

Investors were disappointed with Time Out's first set of half year results since it listed on the stock market in June.

Upstart Boohoo has reported a surge in profits as it attracted millions of internet followers to boost sales.

Global trade faces its worst year since the financial crisis as weak growth and a surge in protectionism take their toll, according to two international watchdogs.

17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 41.71 points at 6849.38 amid reports the German government is preparing a contingency plan to bail out Deutsche Bank, which is threatened with a mammoth fine by US regulators.

Sainsbury's ceded more ground to rivals Tesco and Morrisons as well as the budget stores after it today posted its second consecutive quarterly drop in like-for-like sales.

The controversial German takeover of the London Stock Exchange could be blocked after competition authorities launched a formal probe into the deal.

Holidaymakers are shrugging off this year’s disappointing summer by booking trips to find winter sun.

MOSS GLOSSMoss Bros is targeting a younger clientele as wedding parties ditch morning suits and black tie for lounge suits.

Taxpayer-Royal Bank of Scotland could face another £8billion of fines as it continues to battle the fallout from the financial crisis.

It started life as a small taxi service in a North London suburb in the early 70s.

17.35:The FTSE 100 closed up 70.04 points at 6919.42 after the oil price soared back towards $50 on a surprise Opec deal to cut production.

Worries over the state of Germany's banking sector grew today after the country's second bank announced 10,000 global job cuts.

The world's leading oil nations - known as Opec - have struck a landmark deal at talks in Algeria that sees the countries agree to cut output and lift prices.

Worries over the state of Germany's banking sector grew today after the country's second bank announced 10,000 global job cuts.

Shares in outsourcing and recruitment giant Capita fell by more than a quarter today after it warned that full-year profits will take a hit from a slowdown in trading, partly linked to the UK's decision to quit the European Union.

British women are turning from wine to posh beer, claims winemaker Chapel Down.

A key contract to secure the future of an £18billion nuclear power station at Hinkley Point was signed yesterday by the Government and EDF.

Troubled computer chip maker Imagination Technologies has sold off its Pure digital radio business in an attempt to move on from last year’s record losses.

 British Steel is set to turn a profit this year – just months after being bought by private equity firm Greybull Capital.

Sky shares soared as rumours persisted that James Murdoch at 21st Century Fox may make an offer for the firm.

The post-Thatcher revolution for the British economy has largely been about removing the heavy hand of the state and unleashing private enterprise.

Jamie Oliver's business empire is back in health after strong trading at its restaurant chain and TV production division.

Capita, the outsourcing firm that collects payments for London's congestion charge and the BBC licence fee, saw £1.7billion wiped off its value after issuing a shock profit warning.

The party illustrated how close the German state and a bank were at the peak of European financial power.

17.25:The FTSE 100 closed down 20.09 points at 6899.33 as traders realised that fears a mammoth US fine on Deutsche would topple the European banking system were a little overdone.

Deutsche Bank shares staged a dramatic recovery today after reports emerged that it could only have to stump up $5.4billion (£4.1billion), rather than $14billion (£10.5billion), as part of a US Department of Justice settlement.

BT has vowed to challenge the Government's new business rates valutations and has said it could have to push up the cost of broadband services for customers if they are enforced.

So Brexit sent the world’s major stock markets into a bit of tiz and has floored the pound.

Monarch Airlines was granted an 11th-hour reprieve last night in a battle to renew a crucial licence to fly package holidaymakers.

Let's be clear.

Shares in ingredients business Treatt surged after investors were treated to a strong trading update.

Clarks has appointed Karen Millen's former boss as chief executive as the iconic shoe store seeks to avoid another disappointing festive season.

Takeover target Entertainment One saw the value of its library of TV shows and films increase by 50 per cent as it predicted booming sales of its latest children's series.

H&M suffered a bigger-than-expected fall in profits after the late summer heatwave put shoppers off buying its autumn range.

SAVINGS CUTHundreds of thousands of Lloyds customers will see interest rates on the bank’s go-to Standard Saver account slashed from 0.25 per cent to 0.05 per cent.

The rise of NatWest continues as owner RBS completes the ring-fencing of its retail banking operations.

A London hedge fund has emerged as one of the big winners of the panic that engulfed Deutsche Bank last week – making tens of millions of pounds as shares in Germany’s biggest bank slumped.

The food giant behind Soreen fruit bread and Ginsters pasties has paid its family owners an £18million dividend after profits at the group leapt last year.

Hat Trick Productions, the company behind TV hits such as Doctor Thorne, Room 101, Episodes and Dinner Date, clawed its way back into the black last year as it saw many shows recommissioned and produced new programmes.

BT and regulator Ofcom are locked in disagreement over the future of its broadband arm Openreach – with just days to go before a consultation on its future closes.

Tesco could be forced to hike payments into its staff pension scheme – after an increase in the deficit to as much as £5billion.

Tesco is facing further legal action from a group of investors who claim they suffered financially after a £326m black hole was revealed in the supermarket’s accounts.

17.15 (close):London's top flight index came close to breaking above the 7,000 mark as stocks rallied after Prime Minister Theresa May vowed to kick start the Brexit process by March next year.

Shares in Henderson Global Investors have soared 13 per cent after the firm unveiled plans to merge with US rival Janus Capital - the asset manager best known for housing bond king Bill Gross.

Mobile phone network O2 is hoping to sell shares to millions of ordinary investors in the first major retail offering since the Royal Mail flotation three years ago.

The pound slid to a three-year low against the euro today after Prime MinisterTheresa Maysent an emphatic message to bitter Remainers that she will deliver a full-blooded Brexit by early 2019.

17.15 (close):London's top flight index came close to breaking above the 7,000 mark as stocks rallied after Prime Minister Theresa May vowed to kick start the Brexit process by March next year.

Bupa is considering launching a takeover bid for dentistry chain Oasis Healthcare.

Stamp collector Stanley Gibbons has reported a £28.9million full-year loss after a series of fundamental errors in the company's accounts.

Medical research firm ConvaTec has revealed plans for a £1.4billion stock market flotation.

Gary Green has made £1.5million after selling a quarter of his stake in Compass Group.

A pair of companies which lured movie investors into handing over £3million by giving out false information, including a claim they were making a film starring John Travolta, have been shut down at the High Court.

BANKING CUTSDutch banking giant ING is to take the axe to 7,000 jobs in two countries as part of a major cost-cutting drive.

Investors were in a buying mood yesterday as the Government offered some clarity on Britain's future outside the European Union.

17.00 (close):London's premier index came within a whisker of recording an all-time high, after smashing through the 7,000 mark as the pound plunged to a new 31-year low against the dollar.

Demand for salads and yoghurts gave high street bakery Greggs a sales boost over the summer, its latest update shows.

London's leading stock market index pushed back through the 7,000 mark as it took a shot at its record high today, but the pound tumbled to levels not seen since 1985.

17.00 (close):London's premier index came within a whisker of recording an all-time high, after smashing through the 7,000 mark as the pound plunged to a new 31-year low against the dollar.

A website backed by property tycoon Nick Candy is scrambling to secure cash from Chinese investors after missing a deadline.

Britain's biggest private equity group has agreed to sell half of its assets and wind down to avoid a hostile US takeover.

Drug maker Summit Therapeutics added almost £80million to its stock market value on Tuesday after it won the rights to an exclusive drug.

A SLUMP in the pound drove the London stock market towards a new record high last night as shares in companies with overseas earnings rallied.

AFRICA DEAL BP has announced a deal to buy 100 per cent of the liquefied natural gas produced from an offshore project off Mozambique.

Billionaire JCB boss Lord Bamford will miss out on a divided after profits almost halved at his digger business.

Close:Tesco shares soared to a one-year high today, but the London stock market slipped back after yesterday's tilt at a new record close.

Tesco stayed on the road to recovery today with a third quarter of sales growth - but it was not enough to stop the supermarket giant's profits falling.

The pound slid to new long-term lows today as the prospect of a so-called 'hard Brexit' continued to unnerve currency traders.

Bank of England deputy governor Ben Broadbent claims the weakening value of the pound is aiding Britain's economic growth.

A website backed by property tycoon Nick Candy is scrambling to secure cash from Chinese investors after missing a deadline.

London shares have reached record highs since the start of the week but amid the euphoria dividend cover for some of the FTSE 100's largest payers remains dangerously low.

The accountancy industry is ready to reform after a string of scandals, according to the UK boss of audit giant BDO.

POUND RALLIES Sterling fell against the US dollar to below $1.27 for the first time in more than 30 years yesterday before bouncing back.

OKA Direct, the furniture retailer run by Samantha Cameron's mother Lady Astor (pictured), is to expand after a sales boost from its home accessories range.

The battle for private equity firm SVG Capital intensified last night as Goldman Sachs and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board made a joint offer to buy the business.

17.20 (close):Budget airline easyJet dragged the London market lower after spate of terror attacks and the plunging pound inflicted a hefty blow to profits.

Flotation activity in London looked to be firmly back on track today after Misys revealed plans to return to the stock market in what is set to be the biggest UK listing this year.

Low-cost airline EasyJet has revealed that its profits have been damaged by the plunging pound after the UK voted to leave the European Union.

17.20 (close):Budget airline easyJet dragged the London market lower after spate of terror attacks and the plunging pound inflicted a hefty blow to profits.

The chief executive of private equity firm SVG Capital is set to pocket up to £8.1million following a fierce bidding war to take over the business.

The ousted boss of technology company WANdisco has made a shock return – just a week after being forced out with a 'gun to his head'.

The new boss of online retailer AO World has splashed out £169,000 on shares in his employer.

ONLINE STOREOnline retail giant Amazon is hiring another 300 staff for a warehouse set to open next year in Daventry.

Sterling has hit a fresh 31-year low against the US dollar as investors fretted over the prospect of a 'hard Brexit' following Britain's vote to leave the European Union.

Walk round the streets of many of Britain's biggest towns and cities in the evening and you'll see queues of young people waiting outside curry houses and pizzerias.

Deutsche Bank is slashing another 1,000 jobs in Germany as the beleaguered lender battles to convince investors it has a solid future.

Britain's original tech giant is returning to the London market – netting its secretive US owners millions and firing the starting gun on a float bonanza.

Energy firms caught traders' attention yesterday as the Government threw its weight behind the British shale revolution.

The Bank of England said it was investigating the pound's mystery 'flash crash' overnight, when it appeared to dive by 10 per cent in seconds before swiftly recovering, as Asian stock markets opened.

17.10 (close):The FTSE 100 index at the close was up 44.43 at 7044.39.

For the junior biotech the Holy Grail is taking a drug all the way from the lab to the market – in the US they call it hitting a home run and the achievement is usually transformational.

Chancellor Philip Hammond has given his backing to the Bank of England’s governor Mark Carney, smoothing over comments by the Prime Minister last week about how super-low interest rates had benefited mostly rich people.

17.10 (close):The FTSE 100 index at the close was up 44.43 at 7044.39.

The hedge fund tycoon known as Chocfinger is sitting on a £660,000 stockpile of fine wines, accounts for his firm reveal.

FAMILIES are sticking to a classic bowl of Weetabix despite the rise of bargain brand knock-offs.

WHAT DOES IT DO?

STEEL DUTIESThe European Commission will impose anti-dumping duties on imports of two steel products from China.

Investors in Britain's bookies were out of luck yesterday as talk of a ban on TV advertising sent shares tumbling.

Just how little control monetary officials have over events on financial markets is illustrated by the 'flash crash' in sterling overnight.

Industrial supplies firm Brammer saw its shares fall nearly 30 per cent after issuing a profit warning and scrapping its dividend.

US private equity firm HarbourVest has extended its deadline for shareholders to back a £1billion offer for rival SVG Capital.

Gambling giant William Hill confirmed today that it is talks with a Canadian online gambling company to merge.

Sky unveils its first-quarter figures at its annual meeting on Thursday after a fortnight when its share price rose sharply amid speculation that its biggest shareholder, Rupert Murdoch's 21st Century Fox, may put in a bid for the satellite broadcaster.

Shares in betting firmWilliam Hilljumped 5 per cent in early trading after it said it is in talks with Canada's online gambling business Amaya to create a £4.5billion giant.

Takeover target SVG Capital confirmed that US raider HarbourVest had made an improved proposal for the assets of its business but had made no formal bid.

Budget airline Monarch is hoping to clinch a £160million life line ahead of a Wednesday deadline set by regulators.

The former owner of Bernard Matthews will receive millions from its administration while members of its pension scheme are set to get only 1p in the pound, research from a committee of MPs shows.

 17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 53.11 points at 7097.50 as the oil price surged above $53 on news Russian president Vladimir Putin has voiced support for a production cap.

Mitiehas said Ruby McGregor-Smith is to step down as its chief executive after more than a decade at the top of the struggling outsourcing firm.

BEEFING UPGourmet Burger Kitchen is to double in size and create more than 2,500 jobs as part of expansion plans under its South African owner.

Monic a Vinader, the British jeweller loved by the Duchess of Cambridge, has poached the boss of Boden to serve as chairman as it toasts record sales.

Being asked to guess someone's age is always disconcerting.

BP shares were given a boost as the firm's chief executive promised to defend the dividend.

Europe's banking watchdog bent the rules to give troubled lender Deutsche Bank an easy ride, it is claimed.

The former boss of British Gas has returned to the UK to take over the helm of struggling Mitie.

17.20:The FTSE 100 closed down 26.62 points at 7070.88, slumping back from a new record trading high of 7,129.83 at lunchtime.

Sir Philip Green paid out £2million to top staff at BHS as the retailer went into administration, it emerged last night.

High-end fashion chain Ted Baker enjoyed a 20.5 per cent leap in profits in its first half, shrugging off turbulent trading conditions in the clothing sector.

The UK arm of recruitment firm PageGroup, formally known as Michael Page International, suffered a post-Brexit profits slump in the third quarter.

Fitness chain Pure Gym has scrapped plans for a stock market flotation, just one month after first announcing it wanted to go public.

The boss of Monarch has pulled out of a public speaking engagement, just one day before the budget airline's operating licence is due to expire.

A scandal-hit Russian bank has threatened to pull hundreds of staff from the UK following Brexit – prompting a fierce response from campaigners who claim the City will survive without it.

Disgraced ex-Barclays chief Bob Diamond has had to step in as interim chairman of his African banking firm Atlas Mara, following the departure of former Ecobank boss Arnold Ekpe.

Shape-sculpting slimming jeans have given N Brown a sales boost.

WPP ROLEGlobal advertiser WPP has made a new appointment to its board after the shock death of director Roger Agnelli.

The FTSE 100 briefly hit a record yesterday after climbing in morning trading – but it couldn't keep it up for the duration and ended up losing ground.

Habitat is to return to the High Street as new owner Sainsbury's plans a big expansion drive.

Regulators have demanded the power to force firms to put more in their pension pots as the fallout from the BHS scandal continues.

Fujitsu has told workers up to 1,800 British jobs could go as part of a 'transformation programme'.

Samsung is the latest company to see its brand explode – literally in its case, as its Galaxy Note 7 smartphones have been catching fire.

Eurostar is looking at the 'size and shape' of its business in a review union leaders say could lead to 80 job losses.

Sales atDomino’s Pizzaslowed in the third quarter but the firm said it would open more stores than previously expected as it continues to expand abroad.

Shares in Bisto to Mr Kipling cakes’ ownerPremier Foodsdropped after it blamed September’s hot weather for a slide in sales, especially of its gravy and puddings.

The pound has been on a rollecoaster today, dropping by almost 1 per cent during a debate in the House of Commons on how the UK should exit the European Union.

Airline Monarch has secured a last minute £165million cash injection from its private equity owner, allowing it to retain its operator's licence and carry on flying.

17.30:The FTSE 100 closed down 46.87 points at 7024.01, while the pound hovered below $1.22 amid a political row over how much say MPs will get over the UK's Brexit negotiating stance.

Recently-listedCountryside Propertieswas the latest housebuilder to say business is back to normal after Brexit as it entered the new year with a ‘record’ order book.

Lloyds Banking Group has cut 1,230 jobs in its group operations, retail, marketing and finance divisions.

17.15:The FTSE 100 closed down 46.27 points at 6977.74, as Tesco and Unilever got embroiled in a price war - dubbed 'Marmageddon' - which took a toll on both stocks and the wider retail sector.

Price rises helped household products giantUnileverunveil better than expected trading today even as they have sparked a row with supermarket giantTesco.

WH Smith has reported its best sales in 14 years after transforming its travel and high street businesses to attract more customers.

Vehicle parts manufacturer TI Fluid Systems became the latest victim of market volatility as it slammed the brakes on its stock market float.

William Hill is under attack from its biggest shareholder over merger talks with Canadian online gambling company Amaya.

LONDON WHALEBritain's highest court will rule on a battle between a banker and the City watchdog.

Sky found itself at the centre of a shareholder revolt yesterday over the reappointment of James Murdoch as its chairman.

  17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 35.81 points at 7013.55 as US bank results pleased traders while Tesco and Uniliver settled their Marmite spat.

Shares inMan Groupsoared today after the hedge fund firm posted a strong trading update and unveiled the acquisition of US real estate equity manager, Aalto Invest.

 Provident Financialshares fell today after the sub-prime lender confirmed its online, short-term loans business Satsuma will no longer squeeze out a profit this year.

A weaker pound will mean higher prices for Mountain Warehouse customers, the outdoor retailer has warned, as it indicated it has shelved plans to float on the stock market.

Biffa has been forced to slash the price of its stock market float by up to a third as it tries to save its planned listing.

British airlines are under pressure to cut transatlantic fares as their American rivals launch a price war.

HOUND HUNTEDFlash crash trader Navinder Singh Sarao, who was dubbed the Hound of Hounslow, is to face extradition to the US after losing a legal battle in the High Court.

A steel plant closed more than four years ago is to reopen and start production next year.

Tesco won the battle of the FTSE food giants over the price of Marmite, and shares soared on the victory.

It's a ruthless game of stealth and lethal violence.

The American-born chief executive of Britain’s biggest oil company BP is set to take home about £2million more this year even without a pay increase thanks to the nosediving pound.

Directors at fashion brand Alexander McQueen said sales for the label reached ‘unprecedented levels’ last year for both retail and wholesale.

The boss of Monarch Airlines, Andrew Swaffield, has a crucial message.

Software giant Misys has been forced to slash the price of its stock market float by up to 30 per cent.

Fashion groups Burberry and Asos look set to benefit from the weak pound when they report figures tomorrow.

Ladbrokes and Coral have agreed to sell more than 350 betting shops as part of their £2.3billion merger.

17.15 (close):London's top-flight index sunk into the red as investors punished education publisher Pearson over a lacklustre set of results.

Waste management firm Biffa has slashed the price of its stock market flotation, but will press ahead with the listing allaying fears that it could be binned.

UK inflation is expected to have jumped to a near two-year high last month even before sterling’s latest slump has had an impact amid Brexit price hike concerns.

Shares in Pearson topped the FTSE 100 fallers list today after the publisher posted falling revenue due to a drop in demand for higher education textbooks in the US.

17.15 (close):London's top-flight index sunk into the red as investors punished education publisher Pearson over a lacklustre set of results.

Investors dumped Debenhams shares as it became the latest High Street stalwart to raise fears of a major pension black hole.

The Bake Off boom and a surge in households using spiralizers and juicers has seen the makers of homeware brands Salter and Beldray hit record profits.

 Fashion sales suffered their worst decline in seven years as bargain hunters refused to pay full price for their summer wardrobes and winter woollies.

Frankfurt, we are told, is the new London.

Government borrowing costs have risen to their highest level since the EU referendum as worries about Brexit spread to the debt market.

RBS DENIALBosses at Royal Bank of Scotland have insisted the lender did not seek to profit by driving firms to the wall during the financial crisis.

The UK's space industry will receive a major boost as a French engineer unveils a plant in Belfast creating 350 new jobs.

Ryanair has become the latest airline to warn over the impact of the plunging pound after it revealed profits for this year will take a hit.

17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 52.51 points at 7000.06 as investors responded to data showing a 1 per cent inflation rate and a dip in the oil price.

British retailers Burberry and Asos suffered rough ride on the markets today after both showed evidence that growth has tailed off.

Tesco has increased its market share for the first time in five years according to data that suggests the turnaround forged by chief executive Dave Lewis has begun to pay off.

Housebuilder Bellway hiked its dividend after a record year as it brushed off worries about the Brexit vote.

BANKING SQUEEZEInvestment banks wrongly favour large clients and manipulate league tables when helping companies list on the stock market, the City watchdog has said.

The new boss of The Restaurant Group, owner of Frankie & Benny's, is set to pocket up to £1million of shares under a bonus scheme.

Goldman Sachs bankers pocketed an average £75,000 each for three months work as the US firm's profits bounced back.

The fierce battle to buy Britain's biggest private equity group has come to an unexpected conclusion, with the original bidder walking away with the prize.

Tesco has grown its share of the grocery market for the first time in five years as its turnaround under boss Dave Lewis takes shape.

Haysis the latest recruitment firm to put out a reassuring update showing that the Brexit vote hasn't put a total freeze on hiring.

Soaring demand for its bargain wedding dresses helped Asos post a bumper rise in sales.

17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 21.86 points at 7021.92 after Wall Street posted gains ahead of the final US presidential debate between candidates Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump before the election on November 8.

Tourists taking advantage of the cheap pound gave Burberry a sales boost by snapping up its ponchos, bags and dresses.

The UK's biggest builders merchant,Travis Perkins, is closing 30 branches in a move that puts 600 jobs at risk.

Reckitt Benckiser has benefited from the weaker pound but losses in Korea and no growth in Europe and the US saw the global consumer goods giant lowering its full-year sales expectations.

 Technology firm Laird lost almost half of its value yesterday when it became the latest victim of the global slowdown in smartphone sales.

 Computer services firm Softcat gave its shareholders a welcome boost as its maiden set of full-year results revealed a special dividend worth £28m.

 Drivers will be able to buy a car as simply as signing up for a smartphone when a new vehicle is launched by the Chinese owners of Volvo.

A country-wide boycott of Reckitt Benckiser products in South Korea led the chemicals firm to post its weakest sales growth in five years.

BT has been accused of holding the digital future of Britain ‘to ransom’ by threatening not to invest in broadband if it is forced to split off its Openreach division.

Demand for black clothes in Thailand to mourn the death of the country’s King has caused a rush in Tesco’s South Asian outlets.

Restaurant king Sir Terence Conran has fought off allegations that he deprived a former business partner of a £3m payday.

17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 4.98 points at 7026.90 amid disappointment that the European Central Bank appears hesitant to launch more stimulus measures to help weak eurozone economies.

Shoppers have shown no signs of Brexit blues as retail sales recorded their strongest quarter of growth since late 2014 - although warm weather and higher prices dented demand for new clothing at the end of the period.

A housing executive arrested on suspicion of bribery in an alleged cash-for-contracts scandal offloaded his entire £2m stake in the company last year.

French officials will seek to hurt Britain’s financial industry after Brexit, a top City figure has warned.

Sir Philip Green’s approach to business always has been to try and cut a deal.

 Loans provider International Personal Finance rocketed as it revealed a return to growth.

A new range of curvy, tall and petite Barbie dolls has revived sales of the toy, which had been falling out of fashion.

Heathrow’s wealthy owners have taken a £225m dividend despite a £370m black hole appearing in the airport’s retirement scheme.

17.20:The FTSE 100 closed down 6.43 points at 7020.47 as traders mulled the prospect of a US rate hike and more eurozone stimulus action in December.

The North Sea is in terminal decline, yes?

British American Tobaccohas proposed a $47billion (£38.3 billion) merger with the maker of Camel and Pall Mall cigarettes in which it already owns a 42.2% stake.

Shares in Intercontinental Hotels fell today as the firm became a victim of record low oil prices which have caused a slowdown in booking in the US and Middle East.

The £38billion takeover of Reynolds by British American Tobacco would generate a fees bonanza in the City and create a tobacco giant that makes three-quarters of a trillion cigarettes a year.

SHELL OUTShell is selling another £843.5million of assets in the latest attempt to trim its global portfolio by £25billion.

A financial blog sent the rumour mill into overdrive and Burberry shares soaring when it speculated that the luxury retailer was in talks to merge with US brand Coach.

 When calculating dividend payouts investors have traditionally looked at dividend cover or a company's cash position - but according to financial experts pension deficits should also be thrown into the mix.

Toy store group Toys R Us has warned that the Brexit vote has already cast ‘considerable uncertainty’ over the UK economy – particularly relating to interest rates, the value of the pound, disposable income and consumer spending.

It's set to be the biggest transatlantic merger in years and could create the world’s largest tobacco company.

Bank bosses have warned it would be folly for Britain to slash regulation in an attempt to keep business in London after Brexit.

17.30:The FTSE 100 closed down 34.07 points at 6986.40 as the oil price slid towards $51 on news Iraq wants to opt out of Opec's plans to cut oil production.

Shares inCobhamfell sharply today after the aerospace and defence firm issued its second profit warning of the year.

US telecoms giant AT&T has announced it is buying US media group Time Warner, owner of the Warner Bros movie studio, for $85.4bn (£70bn).

Struggling retailer French Connection is reported to be the potential target of a number of takeover bids by private equity firms.

Bookie boss William Hill is understood to be set to start searching for a new chief executive early next year.

The chairman of the Indian conglomerate which owns Jaguar Land Rover has been ousted in a boardroom power struggle.

The proposed £70billion takeover of Time Warner by AT&T could trigger a wave of consolidation in the industry.

The fall in the pound has boosted sales of afternoon tea at The Ritz.

BRANCH PAINRoyal Bank of Scotland bondholders earnt £184million following its ill-fated attempt to float 300 branches on the stock market.

If only French Connection could make its clothes as popular as its shares were yesterday.

Shares in Avocet Mining crashed nearly 20 per cent after a shipment of gold worth more than £1million was seized by angry ex-workers.

Petra Diamonds saw shares jump after reporting a boost in production – but the miner's figures were overshadowed by the deaths of four workers.

17.40:The FTSE 100 closed up 31.24 points at 7017.64 after a volatile day for the pound, which underwent a sharp fall before recovering to $1.21 against the US dollar.

Coach and rail groupNational Expresssaid its profits and sales rose in the last quarter, largely driven by its overseas operations as UK operations were 'subdued'.

Costa Coffee and Premier Inn owner Whitbread today posted a rise in first half profits and sales, but its shares fell amid worries over costs as coffee prices soar.

Carpetrightsaw its UK sales fall in the first half of the year as the floor coverings retailer warned that the post-Brexit collapse in sterling will increase its cost base.

The owner of Costa Coffee and Premier Inn has embarked on a fierce battle with rival artisan cafes and Airbnb-style accommodation sites.

A billionaire financier and friend of Prince Charles has been slapped with £11m worth of fines after reportedly failing to declare artworks imported into Switzerland.

Sirius Minerals was in the black after Australia’s richest woman ploughed around £247m into the fertiliser firm.

 Passengers must not be left to pick up the tab for the third runway at Heathrow, industry bosses insisted last night.

The small Italian town of Pontassieve is only a few kilometres from Florence, but on a crisp autumn day when scores of victims of Italy's banking crisis have gathered for a demonstration, it feels a thousand miles from the Renaissance glories so many British visitors adore.

The Royal Bank of Scotland could be granted a last-ditch reprieve after Clydesdale Bank's owner CYBG confirmed it has made an offer to buy the Williams & Glyn branch network.

Twitter could be poised to announce 300 job losses ahead of its third-quarter earnings tomorrow.

17.20:The FTSE 100 closed down 59.55 points at 6958.09 as the oil price slumped amid reports an Opec production deal was in trouble.

Lloydshas set aside another £1billion to meet compensation claims for the mis-selling of payment protection insurance.

 SantanderUK has notched up a fall in profits as it again warned that earnings could take a hit as a result of Brexit.

Exeter-based budget airline Flybe announced today that its chief executive, Saad Hammad is to leave the group with immediate effect 'by mutual agreement'.

The boss of pharmaceuticals giant GlaxoSmithKline unveiled an ‘expectation-busting’ set of results as he prepares to bow out of the top post.

It’s hard to believe that just over a year ago Apple posted the biggest year-end profits in corporate history.

Lloyds has been forced to set aside another £1bn to settle PPI mis-selling complaints as costs for the scandal continue to spiral.

Conventional wisdom is that the old City of London came to an end 30 years ago today when the ancient rules of ‘my word is my bond’ and traditional structures were swept into the Thames by a bout of radical Thatcherism.

 British Airways owner International Consolidated Airlines Group took off as it was singled out as the main beneficiary of expansion at Heathrow Airport.

BUDGET PLEA Business leaders are calling for a £6bn increase in public investment to help companies cope with the uncertain economic outlook.

The popularity of Pokémon Go failed to stop gaming company Nintendo from issuing a profit warning after dismal demand affected its sales.

17.20 (close):Britain's banking giants helped drag the London market back into the black, with shares soaring at Barclays after it announced a bumper rise in profits.

Barclayshas set aside an extra £600million to meet compensation claims for mis-selling of payment protection insurance, but still saw its third quarter profits jump.

TSB has seen a boom in customer numbers so far this year which has in turn helped yield bumper profits, the Spanish-owned lender revealed this morning.

Financial software firm Misys has pulled the plug on its London stock market listing due to 'market conditions',  the latest firm to pull a float in the UK in recent weeks.

Debenhamstoday delivered results in line with market expectations, although that was still a drop in annual profits, and said it was well-placed for the year ahead.

17.20 (close):Britain's banking giants helped drag the London market back into the black, with shares soaring at Barclays after it announced a bumper rise in profits.

BANK STOCKThe Government has reduced its stake in Lloyds to under 9 per cent as it seeks to put the bank back into private hands.

Stock market listings worth more than £15billion were scrapped or shelved yesterday as nervous investors fretted about the global outlook.

Amec Foster Wheeler was the FTSE's biggest casualty as it revealed the extent of work needed to turn the business around.

Harry Potter continues to cast a spell over millions of readers, according to its publisher.

Donald Trump and Gary Lineker have got into hot water for doing it.

17.15 (close):Sterling dipped and the FTSE 100 eked out gains, as investors digested earnings from International Consolidated Airlines Group and considered a ruling from one of the first Brexit court cases.

Hefty charges sawRoyal Bank of Scotlandswing to a £469million third quarter loss but its shares pushed higher on signs of improvement in its 'core businesses.'

Amazon shares tumbled as much as 9 per cent in New York last night as it posted lower-than-expected profits and warned revenues over Christmas could disappoint.

17.15 (close):Sterling dipped and the FTSE 100 eked out gains, as investors digested earnings from International Consolidated Airlines Group and considered a ruling from one of the first Brexit court cases.

British Airwayswarned that ticket prices may have to rise as its parentIAGendured a bumpy ride in the third quarter, with profits taking a hit from the slump in sterling.

Royal Bank of Scotland has admitted it could be forced to pay compensation over allegations it deliberately destroyed businesses.

Three of the world’s biggest tech giants raked in revenues of £84bn in just three months, according to the latest figures.

A former hedge fund boss who raised the price of a life-saving Aids drug by 5,000 per cent said: ‘I did it for my shareholders’ benefit, because that’s my job.’ Hip-hop-loving executive Martin Shkreli was branded the face of corporate greed when his business, Turing Pharmaceuticals, bought vital medicine Daraprim last year and increased its cost from $13.50 to $750 per pill.

 Ford has become the latest car manufacturer to pledge its future to Britain in a major vote of confidence following the Brexit vote.

There is a nifty piece of pop trivia that at any given moment in time, somewhere in the world, there is at least one radio station playing The Eagles’ 1976 soft-rock classic Hotel California, that syrupy paean to greed and hedonism.

Ferrexpo shares plummeted after its second largest shareholder struck while the iron was hot and cashed in almost half its shares.

PHARMA HIT Shares in the world’s largest insulin maker plunged almost a fifth yesterday after it slashed long-term profit targets.

London's IPO market has been decimated since the EU referendum, resulting in the number and value of companies listing falling to its lowest its level in four years.

The owner of British Airways blamed air traffic control strikes and wild currency swings after its profits slumped.

National Lottery operator Camelot made pre-tax profits of almost £100million in a year that saw the highest total of ticket sales since the lottery launched in 1994.

Sir Rocco Forte is planning to expand his luxury hotel chain across Europe with a particular focus on Italy as profits continue to grow.

Budget fashion retailer TK Maxx clocked up another strong performance last year with a rise in turnover and profits.

American drugs giant Mallinckrodt has delivered a vote of confidence on post-Brexit Britain by moving its global headquarters from the US to a location close to Heathrow Airport.

Royal Bank of Scotland will not sweeten any deal for its Williams & Glyn business with guarantees or the continuing use of its IT platform, it has said.

BUY THIS: Stobart Group Stobart Group last week revealed a deal with CityJet to operate flights to up to 18 new destinations from April 2017, adding around 600,000 passengers per year at Southend Airport.

 RBS RECKONING The Royal Bank of Scotland will be cleared of claims it systematically sought to destroy businesses, insiders have suggested.

The disgraced founder of claims business Quindell has turned his hand to English wine as he seeks to put the past behind him.

Fashion giant Next is expected to report a fall in sales this week as families choose restaurants over retail.

Bank of England governor Mark Carney stands ready to complete his full eight-year term in the role, defying speculation of an early departure, reports suggest.

Business optimism has soared to a new high since the Brexit referendum, in a fresh blow to backers of the Project Fear campaign.

17.25:The FTSE 100 closed down 42.04 points at 6954.22 as the oil price slid towards $48 and investors were gripped by uncertainty ahead of the US election.

Advertising giant WPP warned that the first signs of 'Brexit anxiety' are beginning to show after the firm reported slower sales growth in the UK.

A former RAF Harrier pilot is set to make £4m when a tech business he founded nine years ago floats on the stock market this month.

Media tycoon Sir Martin Sorrell saw his advertising firm WPP pocket £462m from a post-Brexit fall in the value of the pound – despite peddling doom-laden warnings ahead of the vote.

Britain’s biggest ever tech failure has triggered a bitter transatlantic row over what went wrong.

The bitter bust up between Stock Spirits and its largest shareholder has been reignited as it stands accused of both dodging awkward questions and paying excessive fees for directors.

For Vic Genova, retirement came as a ‘pleasant surprise’.

Shire suffered a sell-off after concerns were raised about the biotech giant’s haemophilia treatments.

17.20:The FTSE 100 closed down 37.08 points at 6917.14 as the US Fed's decision on interest rates tomorrow and the looming presidential election weigh on investors' minds.

Go-Ahead, the owner of troubled Southern Rail, has said it will still see annual profits come in as previously expected despite months of strike, cancellations and delays.

Premium leather handbags helped fashion chain All Saints net its fourth consecutive year of growth.

London's two largest-listed oil firms went in different directions after third quarter results today that both beat expectations but showed the impact of low oil prices.

The UK manufacturing sector remained resilient in October as a weaker pound continued to boost exports, but it also pushed up companies’ raw materials costs.

LIGHTING UPA US cigarette giant has formed a committee to evaluate its proposed takeover by British American Tobacco.

Ministers could throw a lifeline to millions of self-employed workers struggling to save for retirement, Money Mail can reveal.

Dividends at BP and Shell are set to come under threat as fears grow that a deal to prop up oil prices is about to collapse.

Price comparison site MoneySupermarket looked epic – as its catchphrase says – as shares soared on the back of a 12 per cent rise in revenue.

High performance car maker McLaren Technology Group bounced back into the black.

17.15 (close):The pound hit a two-week high against the US dollar as investors were spooked by pre-election polls showing Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump in the lead just a week before Americans cast their votes.

Online takeaway firmJust Eatsaw its UK sales increase by 28 per cent in the three months to September, but that was a slowdown from a 50 per cent rise a year ago.

Nexttoday revealed a 5.9 per cent drop in High Street sales for the third quarter, but its shares rose as it maintained its full year forecasts thanks to cost-savings.

A 'solid' rise in housebuilding work helped construction activity hit a seven-month high in October, but there were signs of problems looming on the horizon.

Tim Martin, the chairman ofJD Wetherspoon, railed against the 'hectoring and bullying' of EU leaders as he warned of higher costs if post-Brexit tariffs are imposed.

17.15 (close):The pound hit a two-week high against the US dollar as investors were spooked by pre-election polls showing Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump in the lead just a week before Americans cast their votes.

FED HOLDSThe Federal Reserve left US interest rates unchanged at 0.5pc last night in the central bank's final meeting before the Presidential election.

An appetite for luxury goods drove double-digit profit growth at the world's most iconic department store, Harrods.

The weak sterling helped give a boost to struggling retailer Hugo Boss and premium hotel group Millennium & Copthorne.

When Pippa Middleton's fiancé James Matthews poured £20million into a Hollywood film fund, he was expecting to reap the rewards of A-list pictures.

Sharp rises in the price of petrol and diesel were revealed yesterday amid mounting pressure on the Government to cut fuel duty.

Pharmaceuticals firm Indivior climbed as much as 17 per cent yesterday, despite continued worries over lawsuits it faces in the US.

The payday and car finance loans of more than 500,000 people have been written off after the City watchdog stepped in to protect them from 'unfair' practices.

One of Britain's biggest housebuilders is planning to open its own brick factory amid booming demand for new homes.

Supermarket giant Morrisons' turnaround plan under its new boss is paying off, as like-for-like sales rose 1.6 per cent increase over the past three months, boosted by a record Halloween.

17.15 (close):The pound embarked on a remarkable rally after a lightning bolt ruling from the High Court cast doubt over Brexit.

Brexit has givenRSA Insurancea welcome boost as the plunging pound helped offset some tough trading conditions in the first nine months of the year.

Shares in insurance firmesureshed a quarter of their value this  morning after it completed the demerger of price comparison website GoCompare.com.

17.15 (close):The pound embarked on a remarkable rally after a lightning bolt ruling from the High Court cast doubt over Brexit.

17.15:The FTSE 100 closed down 97.25 points at 6693.26 as US election and Brexit woes weighed on investors.

The UK high street has seen its first sales growth since January as consumers spent freely on furnishing their homes and buying lifestyle goods like mobile phones and jewellery.

The pound has held on to its four-week high after traders yesterday piled on bets that the Government'sBrexittimetable will be derailed.

American bank Wells Fargo is braced for £1.4billion of lawsuit costs after a mis-selling scandal which saw its employees create millions of fake bank accounts.

Karin Solomons, wife of theIntercontinental Hotelschief executive, has pocketed almost £1.2million as she offloaded shares in the Holiday Inn owner.

We’ll kick the report off this week with two of the AIM market’s largest and most widely followed stocks –Sirius MineralsandSound Energy.

Bumper sales of pumpkins and Halloween outfits boosted Morrisons, which said its turnaround is well under way.

Consumers taking advantage of the rising gold price are cashing in their rings and necklaces.

The owner of British Airways has curbed its spending plans and expects lower profits as it faces a slowdown in passenger demand and lower revenues since the pound’s plunge in the wake of Brexit.

He is a flamboyant figure who has made stellar returns over the past 25 years.

When you think of the traditional pub landlord, chances are you’ve conjured up images of a booming, avuncular sort, foaming pint of mild on the go, his well-worn belt buckle straining at the lowest notch.

 The luxury goods firm behind Cartier and Dunhill is in crisis after most of its senior management announced their departures on the same day.

More than £76bn was wiped off the value of Britain’s largest companies this week in the biggest stock market rout since the start of the year.

Furniture retailer DFS dropped heavily as its biggest shareholder halved its holding in the business.

 Shell and BP are among ten of the world’s biggest oil and gas producers to unveil an £800m investment in the fight against climate change.

Oscar-winning visual effects company behind Gravity and the Harry Potter films has been sold to the Chinese in a bid to expand into the Asian film industry.

Going Dutch Eurostar is pressing ahead with plans for direct rail services between London and Amsterdam amid a drop in passenger numbers on existing routes.

British drinkers stocking up on their favourite wine for Christmas may find they need a stiff drink at the checkout.

Sainsbury's pension deficit is understood to have ballooned to £1billion this year as weak markets have undermined retirement schemes at major blue-chip firms.

Marks & Spencer is set to announce this week that profits are down by a fifth.

Investors are braced for another week of turmoil as the race for the White House goes down to the wire.

BOND BLOWAnalysts predict Sainsbury's will reveal its pension deficit has soared to £1billion this year, driven by a fall in the value of Government bonds.

Ministers and defence giant BAE are under pressure to ensure British steel is used to build the next generation of warships.

A post-referendum fall in the pound looks set to send Burberry an early Christmas present on Wednesday when it posts interim results.

A major City investor has waded into the row over the future of BT and its Openreach arm amid fears the telecoms giant is being damaged by the long-running battle.

17.35:The FTSE 100 closed up 113.64 points at 6806.90 as traders kicked off an early celebration in hopes of a Hillary Clinton win in the US election.

HSBC shares jumped nearly 5 per cent higher today, despite an 86 per cent dive in its headline profits.

Airline boss Michael O'Leary revealedRyanairwill slash fares by up to 15 per cent this winter to combat the fallout from Brexit.

Wall Street brought its worst run for 36 years to an end last night as investors bet Hillary Clinton will win the race to the White House.

For most, the Rubik's Cube is a baffling puzzle that seems impossible to solve.

Geely is the biggest car maker you've never heard of – and it has a huge stake in Britain's future.

SOLID TRADINGInforma said revenue for the first nine months of the year jumped 10.6 per cent thanks to strong performance in North America and Asia.

Ryanair has announced plans to buy back as much as £490million of stock after record passenger numbers helped profits soar.

JCB has landed one of its biggest orders of the year in a major boost to business following the Brexit vote.

It doesn't look like anything can stop the sales of Fevertree Drinks.

Discount fashion chain Primark saw annual UK sales fall as margins were squeezed due to the devaluation of the euro versus dollar, but its owner still increased profits.

17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 36.23 points to 6,843.13 as traders awaited the outcome of the contentiousUS election, in which DemocratHillary Clintonis forecast to emerge the victor.

Furious small business owners have accused the City watchdog of a whitewash after it cleared Royal Bank of Scotland of deliberately destroying their companies.

Imperial Brands has raised its annual dividend by 10 per cent for the eighth year in a row despite reporting a sharp fall in profits.

DIVISIONS DITCHBarclays has sold two Irish insurance businesses as boss Jes Staley seeks to focus on core operations.

It is one of the most iconic names in the world – made famous by generations of outlaws and lawmen both in the American West and in the movies.

Rumours that Premier Oil's financing arrangements are on the brink of collapse sent its shares spiralling yesterday.

17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 68.71 points at 6911.84 after a tumultous day of trading as Donald Trump emerged the victor in the US election.

Sainsbury'sposted a third consecutive decline in first half profits and cut its second half expectations due to 'continued price investment and a step-up in cost inflation'.

Luxury goods retailerBurberrysuffered a 24 per cent drop in first half profit, as its wholesale and licensing businesses stumbled, even as tourists boosted its UK sales.

Demand for gold from British investors has soared in the wake of Donald Trump's election victory, as investors hunt out a safe haven amid market uncertainty.

Berlin is setting up shop in London in an audacious bid to lure tech start-ups away from the UK.

Mining giant Rio Tinto has been engulfed in a £9m bribery scandal leading to the suspension of an executive.

Shares in financial data firm Experian fell as much as 6 per cent as it announced plans to offload its email marketing business.

 Investors scrambled to buy shares in builders and defence firms asDonald Trumpbecame the 45th US President.

 Sainsbury's saw first-half profits drop for a third consecutive year as it fights for online shoppers and battles on in the supermarket price war.

A 'dire shortage' of homes for sale is pushing house prices even higher, the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors has warned.

17.00The FTSE 100 index suffered a late reverse in afternoon trading and closed 83.86 points down at 6,827.98.

Burberry is turning from trench coats to handbags to revive its struggling business.

Budget airlineFlybereported a slump in half-year profits after a pilot shortage and a lack of available routes stifled its growth.

Emirates saw profit drop 75 per cent to $214million in its first half after it was hit hard by the strong US dollar and a global cutback in business travel.

It began as a joke.

Life in the fast lane continues for Auto Trader Group, which reported that revenue in the first half of the year was up 11pc to £153.9m.

ITV has suffered its worst pre-Christmas performance in almost a decade after advertisers ditched traditional TV slots for Facebook and Google.

Banking shares rose across the world yesterday on hopes that Donald Trump would ditch tough rules introduced after the financial crisis.

National Grid said it could benefit from Donald Trump’s election win if the new US president delivers on his commitment to spend big on infrastructure and create jobs.

A price war over sausage skins will drive down revenue at manufacturer Devro next year, it has warned.

Pharmaceuticals giant AstraZeneca has seen profits fall by more than a quarter as rivals challenge its leading cholesterol drug.

Celebrity-backed designs and a popular womenswear collection helped boost sales for the owner of the Superdry fashion brand.

Profits atHalfordsdropped 16 per cent to £39million after the retailer was hit for £6million by the falling pound pushing up the price of its imports.

Deloitte has been hit with a record fine after a five-week hearing into its work on aircraft parts maker Aero Inventory.

17.00:The pound hit its highest level since the October 'flash crash' as better-than-expected construction figures and concerns over Donald Trump's presidency put Brexit fears on the back-burner.

Loans boost New bank Aldermore increased its loan book by 15 per cent to £7.1billion in the first nine months of 2016, figures show.

It was bonfire night last Saturday, but the fireworks for AIM-listedRedcentriccontinued into this week.

Shares in building materials firmSIGcrashed 20 per cent this morning after it issued another profit warning and announced the immediate departure of its boss.

One of the first online clothing retailers has filed for bankruptcy.

PANIC PREVENTIONRegulators are considering changing the rules governing commercial property funds to prevent a repeat of the investor panic that followed the UK's vote to leave the European Union.

Javed Ahmed and his wife Talat have bought 30,000 shares in Tate & Lyle at 660p each, spending a total of £198,000.

British businesses sold more than one item a second as Chinese customers splurged on cut-price goods during the world's biggest ever day of shopping.

Deliveroo's boss nearly doubled his pay last year, despite his workers fighting for better wages.

While the pound rallied the stock market continued its downward spiral, with miners leading the way.

The struggling Co-Op Bank has lost more money as it struggles to recover from an accounting scandal.

Budget airline easyJet is set to report a sharp fall in profits on Tuesday following a year of terrorist attacks at some of its key holiday destinations.

Britannia Hotels, owner of the famous Adelphi Hotel in Liverpool, has recorded a huge leap in profits at its 52-strong chain.

American banks have been lobbying ministers to back a controversial German takeover of the London Stock Exchange which could save them millions, sources claim.

Stock markets across the world are poised to continue their climb today after reaching new highs in the wake of Trump's election victory.

Losses at miner BHP Billiton dragged UK company revenues lower in the third quarter of the year.

Hedge fund numbers are set to drop this year as investors plough cash into cheaper and more predictable alternatives.

Close:The FTSE 100 made gains today as the pound slipped up against the US dollar - with Barclays and RBS leading the charge.

First-time buyers are facing a struggle to get their feet on a housing ladder that's being pulled further away, as asking prices for their typical homes continue to spiral higher.

SHELL SALEShell is understood to be considering a sale of its £2.4billion Norwegian business.

Angus Energymade its AIM debut Monday having raised a comparatively modest £3.5million - but it arrives on the junior market with some big plans.

Betting giantWilliam Hillsaid annual profits will be at the top end of its target as plans to turn around its struggling online arm have shown signs of bearing fruit.

A top software executive fiddled his firm's accounts and sacked staff who opposed him in a bid to secure an £8.7billion sale, court papers claim.

Bullish investors are dropping their bets on safe havens in a bid to make money backing the stocks likely to benefit from a Donald Trump presidency.

Convenience food business Greencore soared as it revealed plans to buy US group Peacock Foods.

JOBS THREATAlton Towers is to make up to 70 staff redundant after a review of the business in the aftermath of a roller-coaster crash.

Samsung is turning from smartphones to smart cars in a bid to regain its status as a technology heavyweight.

Profits at Rolls-Royce could have been more than £700million lower last year under accounting rules about to come into force, the company is expected to tell shareholders.

Major cost-cutting has helped Lonmin swing back into profit despite volatile platinum prices.

They've become as much a feature of our Christmas TV line-up as the Queen's Speech and EastEnders special.

17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 39.56 points at 6792.74 as the oil price surged amid fresh speculation about an Opec deal to cut production levels.

Shares in mobile phones giantVodafoneticked higher today after the group posted a rise in first half earnings cheered by a better-than-expected performance in Europe.

Budget airlineeasyJettoday saw a big profits drop after a year of 'unprecedented external events', but its shares still rose with the weak numbers in line with guidance The FTSE 100-listed firm's pretax profits fell by 27.9 per cent to £495million for the full year to September 30, in first annual fall for six years, as its total sales dipped 0.4 per cent to £4.67billion.

Tesco's sale have grown at their fastest rate in three years as more affluent shoppers return to its stores, snapping up its 'Farm Brands' and 'Finest' ranges.

Card Factory flopped yesterday as sales at the greeting card specialist continue to slow.

Vodafone wrote off £4.3billion after India's richest man gave away mobile phones and free calls in a bid to scupper the firm's growth.

He dismissed them as death traps for investors just three years ago – but legendary investor Warren Buffett has changed his tune about airlines.

SLUGGISH ZONEThe eurozone managed sluggish economic growth of 0.3 per cent in the year's third quarter, according to official statistics.

EasyJet is powering ahead with a £10millionBrexitplan to set up a base on the European mainland.

Harry Potter and Star Wars spin-offs are set to make it a record year for Cineworld.

First Group has swung into profit thanks to its US school bus business.

17.25:The FTSE 100 closed down 43.02 points at 6749.72 amid mounting speculation that a US rate hike in December is on the cards.

TalkTalk boss Dido Harding believes customers have more trust in the telecoms group after its damaging cyber attack last year.

Shares inRolls-Roycefell today after the firm said trading conditions remain tough and it added that its cost savings target will be near the top end of its forecasts.

The Grand Palais in Paris throbbed to Donna Summer’s 1977 disco hit ‘I Feel Love’ as two models strutted down the catwalk, one in a classic black Chanel boucle tweed skirt suit, the other in the same ensemble in white.

HSBC deal Banking giant HSBC has struck a deal to sell its Lebanon business to Middle East lender Blom Bank.

US-based billionaire Wilbur Ross has sold his remaining stake in lender Virgin Money for £171.5million.

The stationery retailer Staples will disappear from UK high streets and retail parks over the next few months, adding to the list of well-known retailers to have folded this year.

Fashion chainTed Bakerhas brushed aside tough trading conditions to post double-digit sales growth, but stressed Christmas would be crucial for the business.

Majestic Wineswung into the red with half-year losses of £4.4million, but said it was at a 'tipping point' in its return to profit growth.

CLOSE:Strong retail sales lifted the London market despite Royal Mail shares taking a dive on tumbling earnings.

A row has broken out at one of the world's largest mining companies after it fired two top bosses during a major corruption investigation.

While much of the travel industry struggles amid terrorism fears and Brexit uncertainty, the firm behind Jet2holidays reported a strong summer season.

STORES CLOSUREOffice supply store Staples is the latest retailer to disappear from the High Street after the company struggled to fend off competition from supermarkets.

Wine prices will rise in the coming months because of the fall in the pound, according to the boss of Britain's largest wine retailer.

Two former market traders who started out selling cut-price make-up are on course to make £23million when their company floats.

When Alex Klein asked a classroom of children to tell him how computers worked, they were full of ideas – sadly none of them were close to being right.

Celebrity-favourite footwear and accessories brandJimmy Choocontinues to buck the trend of a slowdown in the luxury industry as it benefits from a weaker pound.

17.45:Sterling fell to a two-week low on Friday after comments from the US Federal Reserve sparked a dollar rally.

Nationwide has seen profits slip 13 per cent as it grapples with low interest rates and its decision to pass on the base rate cut to its members.

Fuller, Smith and Turner's pubs and hotels business 'outperformed the market', it revealed today, but the company was hit by a drop in beer and cider sales.

A row has broken out over the future of Britain's military helicopters after a leading manufacturer announced plans to close its factory.

DIRECTOR QUITSSacked Rio Tinto executive Alan Davies has quit as a non-executive director of Rolls-Royce.

It's dubbed 'Amazon for engineers', and computing parts seller Electrocomponents looks set for success similar to its consumer rival.

It's a shipping firm few ordinary investors have heard of, but it has become the target of wheeler-dealers desperate to make – and save – their fortunes following the election of Donald Trump.

Tesco has unveiled a radical new plan to add residential flats on top of some of its largest urban stores.

Wedding gowns for plus-size brides and the over 50s are being launched by the retailer behind Simply Be and JD Williams.

A legal claim brought against Royal Dutch Shell for alleged environmental damage in Nigeria could open the floodgates to more multinational firms being pursued in UK courts.

A New York trader whose shrewd predictions about the financial crisis inspired Hollywood hit The Big Short has warned that Italy’s banks are on the brink of collapse.

Investigators are probing claims that traders manipulated complex derivatives prices on the energy market.

Buy this: One Savings Bank Investec has a ‘buy’ rating on this lender, which trades under a variety of names offering specialist financial services.

Travel terror Thomas Cook is expected to report a drop in full-year profit as European terror attacks and political instability in Turkey hit the balance sheet.

17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 2.19 points at 6777.96 as the oil price jumped amid fresh speculation about an Opec deal to cut production, with Russia now maybe on board too.

Womenswear firmBonmarchehas blamed clearance sales by collapsed rival BHS and unseasonable weather for a decline in sales and profits during the first half.

Struggling outsourcing firmMitiehas swung to a £100.4million half-year loss and issued a further full year profit warning as increased economic uncertainty and higher staff costs continues to dog the company.

The pharma industry is facing a challenge caused by shrinking healthcare budgets and a growing ageing population that means cost-benefit analysis increasingly provides the benchmarking for those who pay for our prescription drugs.

The cost of using credit cards could soar if Lloyds Banking Group's plans to buy a major rival are given the go-ahead, consumer groups warned last night.

The pound briefly topped $1.25 today after the Prime Minister promised to avoid a 'cliff edge' change after Brexit and dropped hints about a future stimulus spending spree.

SPECTRUM ROWOfcom has blocked BT and EE from bidding in the next auction for 4G spectrum.

Hopes that Opec may yet thrash out a deal to cut oil production sent the price of the black stuff to its highest level this month.

Con artists enjoyed lavish lifestyles after duping pensioners out of more than £7.5million.

17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 41.76 points at 6819.72 as investors geared up for tomorrow's Autumn Statement, when the Chancellor is likely to offer more reassurances about Brexit to a wary business community.

B&Q owner Kingfisher saw its third quarter results helped by another strong performance at Screwfix, but weakness in France continued, weighing on its shares.

All Bar One owner Mitchells & Butlers has warned of an ‘unprecedented’ level of cost headwinds in the year ahead as it posted falling full-year profits.

Households will soon see shop prices rise at the fastest rate in nearly three years as the Brexit-hit pound sends costs for producers soaring, according to a report.

Vinci briefly saw more than £5billion wiped off its value yesterday after a hoax press release claimed that the construction giant had fired its finance director following an accounting scandal.

Printing the Bank of England's new plastic fivers was not enough to boost profits at De La Rue in the first half of the year.

BACKING BRITAINIBM has become the latest US tech firm to commit to Britain by announcing the launch of four data centres.

Goldman Sachs' European boss, South African-born Richard Gnodde, is cut from a more refined cloth than his loutish co-head, Mike Sherwood, who is departing the bank after 30 years.

Safeway is returning 11 years after the supermarket disappeared from the High Street.

Investing in big movies such as The BFG and The Girl On The Train proved costly for media giant Entertainment One.

Compass treated investors to a huge dividend hike after strong demand in North America helped boost sales.

Mortage customers with Metro Bank will be able to let out their home through Airbnb for up to three months a year without prior permission.

A third boss at troubled Cobham has quit following a torrid year for the aerospace and defence company.

Shares in estate agentsFoxtons,CountrywideandSavillstumbled this morning after the Government announced it would crack down on the fees imposed on tenants.

Donald Trump's election victory has given much for investors to chew over before he officially takes power in the White House in January.

Homeserve has toasted its best-ever sales in America after taking over a rival.

17.25:The FTSE 100 closed down 2.01 points at 6817.71 as traders digested the implications of the Autumn Statement for businesses and the economy.

The pound strengthened against the euro today as currency traders welcomed the Chancellor's spending plans outlined in his Autumn Statement.

United Utilities saw its reported profits fall by over 26 per cent in the first half of this year, but an increase in its dividend pleased investors, sending shares higher.

Thomas Cookposted a fall in profits, but shares moved higher after the travel giant reinstated its dividend and highlighted improved bookings for the year ahead.

A biddingwar has broken out for a water company serving Wales and the North West.

Investors in Chapel Down, the listed UK winemaker, will be cheered after the company suggested that 2016 could be a vintage year.

EASTERN PROMISEFund manager and investor First Property Group received a post-Brexit boost from the fall in the pound thanks to operations in Poland and Romania.

A former Barclays executive is suing the bank for unfair dismissal, claiming he was let go after whistleblowing to the Serious Fraud Office.

The chairman of food and support services firm Compass sent it to the top of the FTSE for the day as he picked up 5,000 shares in the business.

Menswear retailer Austin Reed is poised for a High Street revival just months after it crashed into administration with the loss of 1,000 jobs.

A stricken engineer whose stock halved following a profit warning has received a shock takeover bid.

17.15:The FTSE 100 closed up 11.49 points at 6829.20, as miners rose on an otherwise dull day on the markets with Wall Street closed for Thanksgiving.

Shares inCountrywidesunk to a fresh all-time low today after the estate agent warned that transaction volumes are likely to fall this year and next as Brexit bites.

Domino's Pizza has said it will open an additional 400 new stores across the UK, as it bolsters its expansion plans, sending its shares over 6 per cent higher.

Argos and Mothercare became the latest high street retailers to warn of price hikes today amid fears the Brexit-inspired plunge in the pound will soon drive up inflation.

Pets at Home enjoyed a sales and profits boost in the first half of this year, but warned that trading has 'softened' in recent weeks sending its shares tumbling.

Popular flights website Skyscanner has been bought by Chinese giant Ctrip.com in a deal worth £1.4billion, as yet another UK tech star falls into the arms of a Far East owner.

Gatwick is not giving up on its plans to expand despite losing out on a new runway to Heathrow.

Foreign predators that suck profits out of Britain could be forced to pay more tax under new Government measures.

POWER SWITCHCustomer switching between energy companies has hit a four-and-a-half year high, but two-thirds of all households remain on the most expensive tariffs, Ofgem figures show.

He's the other billionaire tax-exile who ran a retail empire in the UK while living on a yacht in Monaco.

A deal with the Dutch arm of Legal & General sent shares in life and pensions firm Chesnara soaring.

17.15:The FTSE 100 closed up 11.55 points at 6840.75 after another quiet session with Wall Street only open for half a day.

Tool rental firm HSS has warned profits will be lower than expected after problems with its branch overhaul.

Pennon Grouptoday posted a solid rise in its first half profits thanks to continued cost cutting and increased tariffs and demand at its water supply unit.

A quick look at the share price ofMotif Bioand you probably wouldn’t even know it’s actually been a pretty good week for the clinical stage drug developer.

With much of the UK busy with online shopping it was a quiet day on the market, as the FTSE 100 finished up just 0.1 per cent, or 11.5 points, at 6840.75.

The boss of a not-for-profit water firm has come under attack for his £768,000 pay packet and £2.7m pension pot.

 Wall Street surged to record highs last night as the Donald Trump victory rally gathered pace.

The supermarket Iceland accidentally started a row with the Icelandic government by taking it to court in a trademark dispute.

Shell deal Oil giant Shell is in talks to sell its offshore operations in Gabon as part of a £22bn plan to give up some assets following a merger with BG Group.

The price of oil tumbled last night after Saudi Arabia pulled out of talks to discuss limiting supply –raising fears that no agreement will be reached.

Oil cartel Opec is poised to agree cuts to production this week, undoing at a stroke Philip Hammond’s attempt to keep a lid on petrol prices at the pumps.

Luxury goods group LVMH is in talks to buy the trendy cyclewear company Rapha as part of a move into the sports and leisure sectors.

The founder of the New Look fashion empire, Tom Singh, is poised to launch his first business since he sold the fashion chain last year – banking a £100million fortune.

Britain's biggest bookmakerLadbrokes Coralis planning an audacious multi-billion pound bid for Australia’s largest betting company, Tabcorp.

Staff at a flight-comparison website could earn £166,000 each from its sale to the Chinese.

Britain's biggest banks are braced for market turmoil this week as regulators reveal the findings of an annual financial health check.

 A trend-setting low-cost energy firm has shut down – leaving 160,000 customers in the lurch amid fears that its downfall could kick-start a wave of closures.

Nigel Oddy has become the latest in a series of House of Fraser bosses to quit over the past 21 months.

Embattled Tata Steel is planning to continue production in the UK for at least the next decade, according to one of its closest advisers.

17.35:The FTSE 100 closed down 41.28 points at 6799.47 despite a surge in the oil price on speculation about an Opec deal later this week.

Exchange deal Chicago firm CME Group is said to have tabled a £340m bid for the London Stock Exchange’s French clearing business.

The sale of a major steel business has raised fresh fears about the pensions of workers at three UK plants.

LEARNING CURVEBanks have continued hiring graduates at the same pace as last year, experts say – despite the apocalyptic warnings before the Brexit vote.

A lucrative business deal between Sports Direct owner Mike Ashley (pictured with his ex-wife, Linda) and his brother is being investigated by a City watchdog.

A tool hire firm has been thrust to the centre of a bidding war between French and Belgian rivals, and hedge funds desperate to cash in.

The Thomas Cook boss saw his pay fall by almost £3million as terror fears hit his bonus.

As the weather turned colder, shares in utilities providers heated up.

Furniture retailer Dunelm has more than doubled its online business after rescuing the struggling owner of the Kiddicare children's range for £8.5million.

The American owner of Cadbury has been accused of backtracking on another promise after pulling out of ethical Fairtrade rules and replacing them with its own scheme.

HousebuilderCountryside Propertiessaw its annual profits almost triple as average selling prices jumped over 20 per cent, with an initial post-Brexit wobble short-lived.

17.15:The FTSE 100 closed down 27.47 points at 6772.00 as energy stocks slumped ahead of tomorrow's Opec meeting in Vienna to thrash out oil production cuts.

Paul Hollywood is set to open a high street bakery chain as he continues to expand his culinary empire.

The revival of afternoon tea has paid off handsomely for high street favourite Patisserie Valerie - with £2.3million worth sold over the past year.

Sales at Tiffany shone for the first time in two years as couples in China and Japan fell for the luxury jewellery maker’s diamond rings.

John Lewis has reported its biggest ever week as shoppers flocked to snap up bargains onBlack Friday– its most lucrative trading day to date.

HALLOWEEN CHEERMerlin Entertainments has said it is on track for 'good profit growth' after its theme parks enjoyed a bumper Halloween.

Italy could face a full-blown banking crisis and see nearly £200billion wiped from its stock market if the government loses a crunch referendum this weekend, experts have warned.

Housebuilders were given a boost by better than expected mortgage lending figures and stellar profits at Countryside where business benefited from the booming market in the South East.

Chinese predators will find it harder to buy British firms in a crackdown proposed by their own government.

Royal Bank of Scotlandwill have to raise around £2billion to boost its financial strength after failing the Bank of England's annual health check of UK lenders.

17.20:The FTSE 100 closed up 11.79 points at 6783.79 as Opec struck its first deal to cut oil production in eight years.

Two more companies today provided updates showing that the UK housing market is remaining buoyant despite the uncertainty of Brexit knocking on the door.

FTSE 250-listed firmsGreene KingandBritvichave experienced contrasting fortunes on the markets so far this session, despite both reporting a hike in profits and sales.

The oil price jumped today as OPEC agreed to cut production for the first time since 2008, in a landmark deal that could end the global supply glut - and will send petrol prices up.

Shares in gambling firm Playtech plummeted after its billionaire founder cashed in his winnings and sold more than a third of his stake in the company.

It's one of those adorable traits that children have that drive parents round the twist.

Pub group Greene King has reached record sales as its takeover of rival Spirit Pub Company begins to bear fruit.

Donald Trump’s new treasury secretary has promised the biggest tax cuts since Ronald Reagan was in the White House – paving the way for corporate tax cuts in Britain.

 Sterling has clocked up its best month against the euro since the depths of the financial crisis as investors bet on Brexit Britain at the expense of the single currency bloc.

The world oil price surged by another 3 per cent today after soaring 9 per cent yesterday in response to a deal by Opec to cut oversupply.

Star fund manager Neil Woodford’s firm is backing a new £150m fund to support the next British tech giants.

Disgraced retail tycoon Sir Philip Green came under fresh pressure yesterday to sort out the BHS pension crisis.

 Britain's biggest tech company toasted record sales as entrepreneurs flocked to subscribe to its accountancy software.

17.25:The FTSE 100 closed down 30.86 points at 6752.93 asthe Italian referendumdampened spirits while oil stocks continued to gain on the back of the Opec deal.

Shares inDaily Mail & General Trustrose today as it reported that advertising revenues across the group were starting to improve.

Glencore will pay out $1billion in dividends next year as the mining giant announced it is coming to the end of its huge debt reduction programme.

BOSS BANNEDA finance boss has been fined £233,600 and barred from the profession by the Financial Conduct Authority.

Rolls-Royce faced the threat of more cuts to its struggling marine business even as it axed another 800 jobs in a bid to save up to £50m.

Investors hung up on TalkTalk after JP Morgan delivered a downbeat forecast on the stock.

At one time, almost everybody had a Nokia mobile phone.

   Bosses at online fashion store Asos have faced a backlash from shareholders over their proposed multi-million-pound pay packets.

Oil soared to its highest level of the year last night following this week's historic deal to cut production.

Speedy Hire was given a boost of confidence when its finance director bought 117,751 shares at 43p each.

17.30:The FTSE 100 closed down 22.21 points at 6730.72 amid anxiety over the outcome of the Italian referendum,which could blow up another euro crisis.

Construction activity hit a nine-month high in November but building costs soared as the Brexit-hit pound continues to bite.

British housebuilderBerkeley Grouphas announced it will return some of its cash to shareholders through a share buyback instead of dividends as it looks to boost the value of its 'undervalued' Brexit-hit shares.

December is an enticing month for small investors as historically the so-called Santa rally has provided fairly regular festive gains.

Electronics company Laird slumped as it revealed plans to raise £185million through an underwritten rights issue in the new year and scrap its 2016 dividend.

The first deal to cut oil production in eight years sent the price of the black stuff soaring and has put all attention on commodity stocks.

Stock markets across Europe fell as investors took their profits from a week of gains to prepare for crucial elections on the Continent this weekend.

BANKING BREXITBritain must negotiate a staggered departure from the European Union over several years or risk banks leaving the country, the biggest banking lobby group will warn the Government in coming weeks, according to Reuters.

Snapchat's developer is scouring Britain's top tech talent ahead of its £20billion flotation on the US stock market.

Interest rates in the United States look certain to rise before the end of the year after unemployment fell to its lowest level for nearly a decade.

When Tamara Hill-Norton opened her first Sweaty Betty store in 1998 it was because she was tired of the bland sportswear on the market.

 Critics of a £21bn deal to sell the London Stock Exchange to the Germans hope it will be derailed by a report from Brussels next week.

A row over fees has broken out between the fund responsible for saving BHS pensioners and one of the store’s administrators.

 Last Saturday, 23,000 people walked through the 18th-century doors of luxury department store Fortnum & Mason.

Watch woes Apple is locked in a multi-million-pound battle with the taxman over whether the strap on one of its watches is part of the device.

Alastair Mills has come a long way from the days when he sold stolen bicycles bought at police auctions to fellow students.

CLOSE:European markets pushed ahead on Monday, brushing aside concerns that the Eurozone may be hit by a fresh bout of economic uncertainty triggered by the "no" vote in the Italian referendum.

Tens of thousands of Royal Bank of Scotland shareholders will miss out on an £800m compensation pot because they failed to sign up to a lawsuit against the bank.

 More than £700m was wiped off Italy’s largest banks yesterday as finance chiefs scrambled to secure a rescue of the world’s oldest lender.

Purplebricks shares soared after it delivered its maiden UK profit.

Topps Tiles slipped after the flooring retailer admitted an error in last week’s full-year results.

Ferrari shares raced to a record high as investors bet on Italian companies that export goods beyond the eurozone following the resignation of prime minister Matteo Renzi.

Tata Steel and unions are close to agreeing a rescue plan for the Port Talbot plant.

Burberry shares jumped after reports it had shrugged off a string of takeover offers from US accessories brand Coach.

17.20 (close):Financial stocks led the charge on the London market as concerns eased over the state of Italy's beleaguered banking industry.

More than £1billion has been wiped off London's spread-betting industry today after the financial watchdog cracked down on firms in a bid to protect investors from 'surprise' losses.

17.20 (close):Financial stocks led the charge on the London market as concerns eased over the state of Italy's beleaguered banking industry.

Panicked investors wiped more than £1.3bn off Britain’s spread-betting firms in the wake of a crackdown by the City watchdog.

 Thomas Cook has snapped up the remaining stake in its travel shop business that is joint-owned with the Co-operative Group.

The sun was shining for On The Beach (OTB) investors after it stormed into the black.

Shares in troubled lender Monte dei Paschi di Siena have soared this morning on reports that Rome is in the midst of preparing a emergency bailout bid.

A shake-up at the top of Lego will see the Danish toy firm led by a British boss for the first time in its 84-year history.

Share in Imagination Technologies climbed almost 10 per cent yesterday, as it revealed its turnaround was beginning to bear fruit.

17.10 (close):Hopes that Italy may take a controlling stake in troubled banking giant Monte dei Paschi di Siena helped the London market record its biggest rise since Donald Trump's shock US presidential victory.

Bentley's boss gave a rallying cry to his British workforce, proclaiming: ‘Come Hell or high water, we’re expanding.’ The luxury car maker’s chief executive Wolfgang Durheimer wants to boost investment in cars, jobs and expansion at its UK factory to secure its long-term future in the wake of the Brexit vote.

Britain's manufacturing output unexpectedly slumped in October as a sharp drop in pharmaceutical production dragged on the industry.

Drax Group is taking over another supplier and buying four gas turbines as it adapts to the industry’s shift away from coal.

HSBC, JP Morgan and Crédit Agricole have been slapped with a €485million (£413million) fine by the European Commission for their role in a cartel which conspired to rig a key bank lending mechanism.

17.10 (close):Hopes that Italy may take a controlling stake in troubled banking giant Monte dei Paschi di Siena helped the London market record its biggest rise since Donald Trump's shock US presidential victory.

Panic on a Japanese trading floor was behind a flash crash that saw the pound plunge nearly 10 per cent against the dollar in a matter of seconds.

GAS FINEBritish Gas has been fined £4.5million by regulator Ofgem for missing a deadline to supply new meters to large business customers.

Families splashing out on winter warmers have helped sales at fashion brand Joules leap more than 16 per cent as it continues its charge into the US.

Craft beer maker Camden Town Brewery is taking its flagship Hells lager to New York this month.

17.30 (close):Bookmakers were nursing hefty losses after a cross-party group of MPs called for a clampdown on betting machines that allow punters to lose £300 a minute.

17.30 (close):Bookmakers were nursing hefty losses after a cross-party group of MPs called for a clampdown on betting machines that allow punters to lose £300 a minute.

National Grid has agreed to sell a majority stake in its gas pipe network to a consortium of global investors - making it the latest piece of British infrastructure to be sold to foreign ownership.

The fragile euro was hammered after the European Central Bank promised to flood the region's crisis-torn economy with more emergency cash – possibly for years to come.

Shoppers buying on a whim when they get to big stores have given a boost to packaging firm DS Smith.

Mulberry is ditching celebrity collaborations to offer lower-priced handbags to attract new customers.

Thousands of jobs are to go at outsourcing firm Capita as it announced it would be selling off parts of the business and introducing robotics.

Campaigners have attacked Barclays for offering a top job to a former non-executive director at failed lender Bradford & Bingley.

Undeterred by Brexit, British holidaymakers are flocking to book next summer's sunshine break, according to TUI Group.

Directors at specialist mortgage lender OneSavings Bank missed out on £150,000 after mis-timing the sale of their shares by hours.

A critical UK gas pipeline supplying 11m homes and businesses has been sold for £13.8billion to a consortium of investors from Australia, China and Qatar.

SALE SCREENINGAMC Entertainment’s deal to acquire the Odeon & UCI cinema chain risks falling foul of the UK’s competition watchdog because it could lead to higher prices in Manchester.

The trend for families to shun a weekly shop in favour of smaller baskets has reached online grocer Ocado.

17.15 (close):The FTSE 100 index at the close was up 22.66 at 6954.21.

Workplace software specialistServicePower Technologieslooks set to exit AIM after agreeing to be taken over by an American private equity company called Diversis Capital.

The UK's economic growth for the final quarter this year has been dealt another blow after Britain's construction industry took a hit in October as firms failed to commit to major new projects.

17.15 (close):The FTSE 100 index at the close was up 22.66 at 6954.21.

The Wild-West crowdfunding industry is facing a crackdown as concerns mount over risks for investors.

Investigators probing the collapse of BHS are set to force blue-chip City firms who worked on the store's sale to hand back more than £8million, the Mail understands.

Struggling Jaeger is facing another crisis after senior staff departed.

Credit lender International Personal Finance plunged as new legislation emerged which could hit the firm's profits.

HIRING GROWTHProfits at SThree will exceed market expectations as strong growth in the US and Europe made up for a slowdown in hiring in Britain.

Fyffes has agreed to sell its business to the Japanese for £635million.

Petra Diamonds' non-executive chair-man has sold shares worth nearly £2million in the miner he founded almost 20 years ago.

South African billionaire Christo Wiese, who has been busy snapping up a raft of high street groups in Britain, has seen his fortune shrink by £400million due to the slump in the pound.

Skybosses Jeremy Darroch and Andrew Griffith are in line to share a bumper £38 million payday if a proposed takeover of the company by Rupert Murdoch’s 21st Century Fox goes ahead.

Trustees of the British Steel Pension Scheme should demand more cash from Tata Steel if a deal between the firm and trade unions to save the Port Talbot steelworks goes ahead, experts say.

Lawyers acting for small firms that say they were driven out of business by Royal Bank of Scotland, have warned the City watchdog that it must act to ensure the bank compensates them fairly.

It is on course to sell more than one million phones and other electronic devices around the world – yet its name will be unfamiliar to most consumers.

A major Sky shareholder has said it will vote against the takeover bid as it stands from 21st Century Fox, joining growing criticism among investors that the offer is too low.

17.35:The FTSE 100 closed down 63.79 points at 6890.42 as investors gear up for an end of year rate hike by the US Federal Reserve.

The world's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi is racing to raise £4bn (€5bn) in less than three weeks to avoid nationalisation.

Barclaysis to sell its French retail banking business to London-based private equity firm AnaCap Financial Partners as it continues a drive to sell off non-core assets.

Commodities stocks soared as the first global oil pact in 15 years was made, sending the price of the black stuff to an 18-month high.

A pioneering firm that provides the 'eyes' for dozens of Nasa space missions has become the latest British tech star to be preyed on by a foreign rival.

Some of the world's biggest investment banks have lost millions to a suspected rogue trader at a failed investment firm, documents reveal.

The maker of homeware brands Salter, Beldray and the NutriPro smoothie machines has appointed the former boss of Poundland to help steer the business through a £100million stock market flotation.

AIRPORT SOARSHeathrow has recorded its busiest November on record, welcoming 5.72million passengers last month, up 2.5 per cent year-on-year.

Officials will probe Glencore's joint purchase of a 19.5 per cent stake in a Russian oil producer.

German politicians are piling pressure on the buyer of the London Stock Exchange to junk a pledge to keep it based in London.

17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 78.15 points at 6968.57 as traders digested a rise in the inflation rate to 1.2 per cent and awaited the almost certain news of a US interest rate hike.

Shoppers will spend a record amount on supermarket premium own-label ranges this Christmas as they gear up for the festive period, figures suggest.

HousebuilderBellwayhas brushed aside the Brexit vote, having previously predicted that the referendum would slow sales growth and dent buyers' confidence.

Italian banking giant UniCredit is to axe one in ten of its workers and ask investors to cough up billions in cash so that the lender can keep itself afloat.

The chief financial officer at Paysafe Group picked a bad day to collect up his stock options.

The boss of a City hedge fund is taking advantage of Italy's financial crisis to snap up its bad bank debt.

Rupert Murdoch is under mounting pressure to raise his bid for Sky following an offer that values the UK-based broadcaster at £18.5billion.

GOLDEN CHANCEFitbug has roped in 1992 Olympic gold medallist Sally Gunnell to help get it back on the winning track.

 Shares in the United States hit a record high last night as the rally since the election of Donald Trump gathered pace.

The British tech firm preyed on by foreign rivals has invented more than 900 pioneering devices over the past decade.

Primark's owner will hand its chief executive £2.7million worth of shares if he meets performance targets.

Marks & Spencer's £450,000-a-year chairman Robert Swannell, who is leaving the post after six years, is particularly proud of his role in seeing off Sir Philip Green's failed 2004 bid for the retailer.

A canny bet against the pound ahead of the Brexit vote helped Britain’s biggest charity and medical research institute boost the value of its funds to nearly £21billion.

17.25:The FTSE 100 closed down 19.38 points at 6949.19, with all eyes on the Federal Reserve ahead of an anticipated US rate hike later today.

Shares in online fashion retailer boohoo.com jumped today after it announced it is spending £3.3million to acquire a 66 per cent stake in online retailer PrettyLittleThing.

Dutch brewer Heineken is vying with private equity investors to buy one of Britain's biggest pub chains,Punch Taverns.

 Up-and-coming lingerie brand Bluebella has raised more than £1million by crowdfunding to expand into the US.

BP GUSHERA BP oil rig off the coast of Angola has pumped 500m barrels since it launched ten years ago.

Short sellers have dodged questions over which hedge fund is behind an anonymous report that caused £506million to be wiped off the value of payments firm Paysafe.

Investigators have dropped a corruption probe into an oil and gas company chaired by Tory grandee Lord Howard.

The acquisition of an Australian rival sent shares in Victoria Flooring to an all-time high.

Britain's second biggest pub group is at the centre of a £400million takeover tussle involving beer giant Heineken.

The bidding battle for tool hire firm Lavendon has reached boiling point after an existing offer was trumped by £26million.

17.30:The FTSE closed up 49.82 points at 6999.01 as optimism over US growth pushed stocks higher following the Federal Reserve's rate hike yesterday.

 British Gas owner Centrica has upped its earnings estimate and managed to stem the flow of customers exiting the business after almost 400,000 quit in the first half of the year.

The Bank of England continued its freeze on interest rates today with its last monetary policy decision of what has been a tumultuous year for the UK economy.

Online food delivery platform Just Eat has gobbled up two of its rivals as it ramps up expansion in the UK and North America.

An iconic biscuit maker which specialises in pink wafers has crashed into administration – blaming the fall in the pound for its demise.

An £18billion takeover of Sky by Rupert Murdoch's 21st Century Fox will force the culture minister to decide whether it places too much media power in one firm's hands.

The FTSE 100 briefly passed the 7000 barrier – but fell back before the end of the session to finish just below the landmark figure.

A multi-billion pound takeover of Yahoo was on the brink of collapse last night after a fresh hacking scandal at the beleaguered internet giant, sources said.

The Imperial Brands boss was given a pay rise of nearly £2million – and could earn even more next year.

A former Tesco director has been told he will not face charges from the Serious Fraud Office over his role in the £326million accounting scandal that cost him his job.

MINE BLOCKEDWork has been suspended at a silver mine in a row with locals.

 Britain's second biggest pub group has agreed a £403million sale involving Dutch beer giant Heineken.

Belgium equipment firm TVH has raised the stakes on its bid to buy British-owned Lavendon by trumping its rivals offer by £17million.

A finance boss at Royal Dutch Shell who was tipped to take over the top job has suddenly left – just days after he sold stock worth £1million.

17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 12.63 points at 7011.64, sparking hopes that it will set a new record before the end of the year.

Monarch’s pretax profits are set to fall by 35 per cent this year after a ‘particularly challenging year’, the company has reported.

The publisher of the Daily Mirror newspaper has warned of another sharp fall in advertising revenue and said it has set aside more money for payouts relating to the phone-hacking scandal.

British gin distiller Sipsmith is to be taken over by a Japanese spirits conglomerate.

A drugs firm has been accused of ripping off the NHS by hiking the cost of one of its drugs by more than 12,000 per cent.

ITALIAN FINEUS regulators have fined Intesa Sanpaolo £189million for breaching US anti-money-laundering rules, saying the Italian bank had 'utterly mismanaged' monitoring and 'repeatedly failed' to halt suspect payments.

It was 'over and out' for shares in hand-held radio maker Sepura as a cash offer for the company sent the price plunging.

Bosses at KPMG pocketed nearly £600,000 each last year – despite taking a substantial pay cut.

Sir Philip Green has signed a deal to roll out Topshop stores in China – even though he is still wrangling over the BHS pension scheme.

Rising commodity prices and the fall of the pound sent the FTSE 100 soaring in 2016, but the gains have little to do with the state of Britain’s economy – as the biggest came from global mining groups.

17.20:The FTSE 100 closed up 5.52 points at 7017.16 as traders watched Brexit developments and US markets continued to nudge record highs.

A hedge fund which bet against Paysafe shares sold its short position in the stock just a day after £506million was wiped off the value of the company.

The drawn-out sale of Lloyds will finally come to a close in the New Year, according to reports.

A last ditch rescue of Monte dei Paschi has been thrown into doubt as attempts by the world's oldest bank to win over a key backer and raise money through a share sale look to be struggling.

Another British technology company has been sold off to a foreign buyer in a multi- million-pound deal.

Millionaire Sir Martin Sorrell's advertising agency has been dragged into an alleged price- fixing scandal that could lead to the jailing of top industry executives.

Barclays is to tell 7,000 investment bank customers they have to up their spending or go elsewhere.

A multi-billion-pound investment fund set up by Tory treasurer Sir Mick Davis faces being wound up after three years without making a single investment.

FEES VICTORYLloyds will end hidden fees for its most vulnerable customers next year after being criticised over the way they were charged.

It looks like there might be a Santa Rally this year after all.

The chief executive of Debenhams is leading a shop-floor shake-up in which some of its leading designers will be axed to boost its fashion credentials.

The owners of the UK's last aluminium smelter have announced major investment in the site.

Soaring demand for the Qashqai saw Nissan's UK arm post a jump in profits.

John Hughes has pocketed £1.34million after selling 235,000 shares in the takeaway app.

BP has accrued vast oil and gas reserves in a £2.4billion spree in Abu Dhabi and west Africa.

17.35:The FTSE 100 closed up 26.80 points at 7043.96 as the Santa rally continued on both sides of the Atlantic.

John Hughes has pocketed £1.34million after selling 235,000 shares in the takeaway app.

New £5 notes selling for more than face value have grabbed the headlines in recent months and now the firm making the Bank of England's controversial plastic fiver has been sold for £680million Cumbria-based Innovia, which has 1,200 employees worldwide, makes most of the world's polymer bank notes and will be bought by Canada's CCL for C$1.13billion Its new £5 note is the Bank of England's first plastic bank note and has attracted controversy after it was found to contain animal fat, while some of the lowest numbered bank notes have attracted fierce bidding wars from collectors paying thousands for them.

 Paysafe's shares are almost back on track after a torrid week.

Two more British companies look likely to fall into foreign hands – taking the total offered for UK businesses by overseas predators to around £70billion since the Brexit vote.

Serge Crasnianski has spent more than £3million buying shares in the photo booth company.

Profits at The White Company have soared as shoppers stocked up on fragrances, clothes and bed linen.

At most companies, accusations of staff being abused and dehumanised are the kiss of death.

Two of Britain's best known hedge fund bosses have endured a year of huge contrasts with Sir Michael Hintze emerging as a big winner while Crispin Odey suffered heavy losses.

TroubledFlybehas appointed its first female chief executive – who once boasted women don't have to be nice to get to the top.

FRIDAY FEELINGShoppers splashing out on Black Friday bargains have driven retail sales to grow at their fastest rate in more than a year, said the Confederation of British Industry.

The Chinese owner of Weetabix has reportedly put the breakfast cereal firm up for sale in a deal that could value it at £1bn.

Uber has reportedly racked up losses of more than £1.8billion in the first nine months of 2016 despite seeing a jump in bookings and revenues.

17.20:The FTSE 100 closed down 2.54 points at 7041.42, as traders eyed efforts to rescue Italian bank Monte dei Paschi.

A string of the world's biggest banks, including UK-based Barclays and Royal Bank of Scotland, have been slapped with a £78million fine for operating 'cartels' manipulating inter-bank interest rates.

Government borrowing fell by £0.6billion in November to £12.6billion when compared with the same month a year ago, new official figures reveal.

They say a week is a long time in politics – in which case six months locked out of Whitehall could seem like an eternity.

A special effects company which makes 3D holograms and recently worked on the new Star Wars film Rogue One is eyeing a stock market flotation.

CONTRACT WINLogistics group Wincanton has won the contract to lease and fit Ikea's two new warehouses in London.

Skiers desperate to get away this Christmas are turning to private jets as the threat of airline strike action looms, claims aviation firm Air Partner.

A dismal year for outsourcing giant Capita just got worse as Goldman Sachs downgraded its outlook for the company.

17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 22.26 points at 7063.68 as a fresh fall in the pound helped the big exporters in London's top index.

Rising faith in the British economy has driven business confidence to its highest level since March, according to a survey by Lloyds bank.

The quintessential British designs of lifestyle brand Cath Kidston are flying off the shelves in Japan and Thailand.

Two brothers who started selling flip-flops to help others after their parents were killed in the Boxing Day tsunami of 2004 have seen their business boom.

Deutsche Bank has agreed to pay a total of $7.2 billion to settle a case with the US Department of Justice over its role in the toxic mortgage crisis.

Greedy hedge fund giants are being forced to cut their vast fees after facing a walkout from disgruntled investors.

SPECIAL DELIVERYTroubled model train maker Hornby has appointed a Post Office chief to its board as it undergoes a major turnaround plan.

Record low interest rates are facing fresh scrutiny by MPs.

Upstart online fashion retailer Koovs has cashed in on the Indian government’s decision to take 500 and 1,000 rupee notes out of circulation.

13.45:The FTSE 100 Index closed up 4.49 points at 7,068.17 as bank stocks took a hit and the pound slid to $1.22.

Britain's largest motorbike maker has nearly doubled its profits as investments from last year started to pay off.

Two of Europe's biggest banks have been hit with fines of more than £10billion for mis-selling toxic mortgages before the financial crisis.

The High Street could face a wave of closures next year following the fall of fashion chain American Apparel, experts warn.

Pierre Cardin has revealed that he won't accept less than £850million (€1billion) for his design label.

It was the last day of trading before Christmas and exactly six months since investors waited with bated breath for the outcome of the EU referendum.

You might wish you'd splashed out on Renault's stylish new Scenic to get the whole family — and all those presents — to their Christmas destination in one piece.

Shareholders in FTSE giants that report their earnings in dollars are set for a bumper income boost.

A decade after his film Blood Diamond shone a light on the dark underbelly of the diamond industry, Leonardo DiCaprio is ruffling feathers again.

Investors who backed a medical business through a crowdfunding website have been rewarded after it was sold to a rival.

Political uncertainty has caused the value of Bitcoin - the so-called digital cash for the internet - to hit a three-year high of £730.

BANK BAILOUTThe amount of cash needed to bail out Monte dei Paschi di Siena in Italy has risen to £7.5billion – some £3billion more than first thought, according to the European Central Bank.

Luxury trench coat maker Aquascutum, whose British designs have been worn by royalty and film stars, is being sold again.

Co-op has declared war on Waitrose as it plans to open dozens of stores in the home counties and London and create 1,500 jobs.

17.15London's top-flight index has closed at an all-time high as the traditional Santa rally boosted blue chip stocks.

The London stock market closed at a record high today as rising oil and other commodity prices helped the Footsie to a now-traditional Santa rally.

British travel giant InterContinental Hotels Group last night raised fears that customers could have been hit by card fraud.

The battle for tool hire firm Lavendon appears to be nearing a close after its French suitor upped its offer by £17million to fend off Belgian interest.

As the FTSE 100 finished at a record high, a profit warning from Bovis Homes put the property sector front and centre on the first trading day after Christmas.

City law firms have been put on alert after Chinese hackers made £3.2m by breaking in to confidential computer systems to get inside information about takeovers and merges.

HOME LOANSMortgage approvals for house purchases edged back in November after picking up to a five-month high in October.

The decision to leave the EU has done little to dampen the spirits of top finance bosses as optimism in the UK reaches an 18-month high.

 17.10:The FTSE 100 finished up 14.18 points at 7120.26 - racking up a new closing high, but falling just short of its all-time trading record of 7129.83 set on October 11.

RBS DEMANDAbout 160 investors are demanding the Royal Bank of Scotland shores up corporate governance by creating a shareholder committee to sniff out 'poor stewardship' and avoid a rerun of the bank's near-collapse in 2008.

Financial firms and businesses with overseas earnings are where fund managers are finding the best investment opportunities for the year ahead.

The traditional family home is making a comeback amid increasing demand for bigger houses with more bedrooms.

Losses at the luxury restaurant chain founded by celebrity designer Sir Terence Conran have widened following an abandoned stock market flotation.

Britain's nuclear power plans have been thrown into doubt as a financial crisis grips the company behind one of the country's biggest projects.

A major revamp of Harvey Nichols' flagship Knightsbridge department store has dented profits at the high-end retailer.

Major supermarkets edged up as analysts predict that meaty Christmas trading will help them win back market share.

English sparkling wine has replaced Champagne as the official bubbly of the Oxford and Cambridge boat race in a major victory over the French.

12:30:The Footsie surged to an all-time high and recorded its best year since 2013 after riding out a turbulent 12 months thanks to a boost from the Brexit-hit pound.

London's top-flight index surged to an all-time high and recorded its best year since 2013 after riding out a turbulent 12 months thanks to a boost from the Brexit-hit pound.

Stamp collecting firm Stanley Gibbons was given a new year confidence boost despite falling sales and profits.

LOAN CLOSUREThe Help to Buy mortgage guarantee scheme, which is to finish tomorrow, supported 95,000 mortgages since it began in October 2013, according to official figures to the end of September.

LINGERIE SALEAgent Provocateur faces being auctioned off as restructuring firm Alix Partners works with private equity firm 3i Partners, which owns the retailer, to look at all options.

Britain's need for new homes is being held back by a shortage of skilled workers such as bricklayers and carpenters, experts have warned.

The number of British jobs advertised online hit a 12-month high of 1,165,052 in November.

Prudential could be broken up as bosses at the pension giant try to manage the impact of the world's ageing population.

Despite its most challenging year since the financial crisis, Next is hoping to climb to the top of the Christmas sales tree this week.

Pensions gap British firms face a record funding gap in their final salary pension pots, according to the latest figures.

17.25:The FTSE 100 finished up 35.06 points at 7177.89 - a new record closing high for London's top market.

London's leading stock market index closed at a record high for the fourth day in a row today, as FTSE 100 investors started the New Year in style.

 The London Stock Exchange has agreed to sell its French clearing business to Euronext for £434million, in a bid to win regulatory approval for its controversial German takeover.

17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 11.85 points at 7189.74 - yet another record closing high for London's top market.

Strong construction data and reassuring mortgage figures laid the foundations for a good day's trading for housebuilders.

CONTRACT WINUltra Electronics has had its contract renewed to provide sonobuoys for the Royal Navy.

Nursery and maternity retailer Mamas & Papas cheered a double-digit sales increase as personal shoppers helped encourage customers to spend more.

 Inflation in the eurozone almost doubled last month as prices of food and energy rose across the single currency bloc.

Millions of consumers could be hit in the pocket by Mastercard's £700million takeover of rival VocaLink, competition chiefs have warned.

Disappointing sales at Next have sparked fears that Marks & Spencer and Debenhams may also have endured a terrible Christmas.

Currency trading broker FxPro has shelved plans for a stock market flotation as financial spread-betters brace for a clampdown.

More than £948million was wiped off the value of Next yesterday as it unveiled a 'disastrous' set of sales figures for Christmas.

17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 5.57 points at 7195.31, a small gain that nevertheless set a new record closing high.

 The UK economy will grow at a 'modest pace' in 2017 thanks to strong performances from manufacturing and service firms, business leaders predicted today.

As the FTSE 100 finished at a record high for a sixth day, a downbeat outlook from JP Morgan sent Rolls-Royce shares spiralling.

The Hollywood Bowl boss was paid £301,400 last year, which is set to soar following the firm's £240million stock market float in September.

Britain's second-biggest tyre seller has been snapped up for £215million – the latest in a series of post-Brexit takeovers by Japanese firms.

The pensions black hole left behind by the former owners of turkey giant Bernard Matthews has reached £75million, it has emerged.

CITY ADVISERThe City of London Corporation has appointed Sherry Madera as its special adviser for Asia.

Shoe repair firm Timpson has snapped up the dry-cleaning business of Johnson Service Group for £8.25million as it looks to cash in on the public's dirty laundry.

Posties could be set to strike over Royal Mail plans to change the pensions of 90,000 staff.

17.20:The FTSE 100 closed up 14.74 at 7210.05, another record finish for the buoyant London market.

American department stores suffered a Christmas slump, figures have revealed.

AMERICAN JOBSUS employment rose again last month in a boost for Donald Trump before he is sworn in as President.

Mountain Warehouse is storming ahead with store openings and jobs growth after a record Christmas period.

Stock markets on both sides of the Atlantic hit record highs last night as the euphoric start to the new year continued.

The owner of Ryman, Robert Dyas and lingerie brand Boux Avenue has warned that retailers face a 'perfect storm' this year.

A Chinese property tycoon is plotting to buy a £500million stake in one of Britain's tallest buildings.

A retro revival of synthesisers used in the pop records of the 80s and 90s has sent music instrument sales soaring at Gear4music.

Homewares giant Dunelm has recruited the former boss of George at Asda – to help boost growth.

He is famed for his grumpy demeanour on BBC1’s The Apprentice, but Lord Sugar has given himself something to smile about.

Profits have plunged at folding bike manufacturers Brompton Bicycle – as the company counts the cost of moving to new premises.

 JP Morgan will this week announce a hike in profits that could herald bumper bonuses for the bank's 16,000 UK staff.

17.15 (close):London's top-flight index closed at a record high for the eighth consecutive session, boosted by sterling's collapse following hints from the Prime Minister that Britain my opt for a 'hard Brexit'.

The long-serving boss of one of Britain's biggest builders has been ousted following a shock Christmas profits warning.

Investigators have launched a probe into whether the former owners of Bernard Matthews starved the turkey firm's pension scheme of cash before its collapse.

You cannot get much closer to Buckingham Palace than the glass and steel headquarters of oil giant Vitol.

TRAVEL RECORDThe owner of British Airways carried more than 100m passengers in 2016 – a record for the firm.

Festive sales surged at Superdrug as customers flocked to copy their favourite celebrities and buy beauty advent calendars.

Taxpayers are no longer the largest shareholder in Lloyds after the Government sold more stock on the open market.

Majestic Wine enjoyed its 'best ever Christmas' sales last month in a much-need recovery from a surprise £4.4million loss in November.

17.35:The FTSE 100 closed up 37.7 points at a record high of 7,275.47 - hitting a ninth closing high in a row, which was a record in itself.

Online retailerBoohoo.comis set to boost revenues even more than expected in this financial year after a bumper Black Friday and Christmas trading period.

This week's Sherlock baddie, a megalomaniac business mogul played by gnomish actor Toby Jones, bore a striking resemblance to moneybags ex-ITV chief Lord (Michael) Grade.

Games Workshop has turned its fortunes around in the past few months and recorded rising sales and profits.

INSURER FINEDRoyal and Sun Alliance has been fined £150,000 after the personal information of nearly 60,000 customers was lost.

The stock market's stellar run saw the FTSE 100 smash another record.

More than £100billion has been raised on the AIM junior stock market since its launch, highlighting the strength of the City as Britain's Brexit negotiations approach.

Former Conservative Party treasurer Michael Spencer has made £200million after selling almost his entire stake in the stockbroker he founded in 1986.

A trio of traders who dubbed themselves the 'cartel' will be charged following a US probe into foreign exchange rates, sources said.

The UK, US and European Union need to strike a grand bargain to thrive after Brexit, the boss of the London Stock Exchange has said.

A dramatic turnaround has helped Morrisons enjoy its strongest Christmas for seven years.

Sainsbury's raked in over £1billion worth of sales over the Christmas period as 30million customer transactions kept the tills ringing.

17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 15.02 points at 7290.49, after breaching 7300 for the first time earlier in what has become the longest winning streak in its history.

Profits atFoxtonshave slumped as the London-focused estate agent blamed a 'significant fall in sales volumes' for dragging on revenue.

Sterling's falling value since Britain's Brexit vote has been worse than the slump after Black Wednesday in September 1992, which saw the Treasury lose more than £3billion.

A Black Friday online boost helped lift sales over the festive period at department store chain House of Fraser.

London's top shares are in the midst of their longest winning streak on record after twelve consecutive days of rises for the FTSE 100 index.

One of Britain's biggest builders has admitted offering housebuyers thousands of pounds to persuade them to move into unfinished homes in a desperate bid to hit sales targets.

The FTSE 100 smashed all existing records as it climbed for a twelfth consecutive day and closed at an all-time high for the tenth day in a row.

Fashion retailer Ted Baker gave the High Street a boost by reporting surging sales before Christmas.

A record 100m visits were paid to Cineworld's cinemas last year as crowds flocked to see films including Bridget Jones's Baby, Star Wars: Rogue One and Zootropolis.

Air-to-air fuelling pioneer Cobham scrapped its final dividend after issuing a fourth profit warning in just over a year.

A German takeover of the London Stock Exchange faced a fresh barrier last night after European bank chief Mario Draghi raised questions about the £21billion deal.

PROFITS BOOSTBuilder Taylor Wimpey yesterday said profits for 2016 would be 'at the upper end' of expectations of between £706.4million and £755million.

 Tescohas topped the supermarketChristmaswinners' list with sales over the festive period outperforming the rest of the Big Four grocery giants.

17.35:The FTSE 100 closed up 1.88 points at 7292.37 as the recent mega-rally ground to a halt.

The John Lewis Partnership has warned that its renowned annual staff bonus will be slashed this year as it prepares to invest for the future and the move to online retailing.

Looking anything but threadbare, Britain's biggest clothing retailers are celebrating bumper festive growth thanks to a surge in online orders.

The turnaround plans of two bosses handed the toughest jobs in retail were given a boost after they scored bumper Christmas sales.

Can you imagine if Marks & Spencer had reported a 2.3per cent drop in clothing and home sales in the last 13 weeks of 2016?

The FTSE 100 edged its way across the line to a thirteenth consecutive climb.

SAMSUNG PROBEThe boss of Samsung has been questioned over corruption in South Korea.

17.25:The FTSE 100 finished up 45.44 points at 7337.81, making that the 12th record high in a row and the 14th consecutive gain.

Sales at Fortnum & Mason soared overChristmas, driven by a sharp increase in online orders.

Tool hire firm Lavendon showed its suitors why it is worth fighting for after reporting better than expected sales.

The FTSE 100 finished the week on a new high, having now climbed for 14 sessions in a row.

The big four supermarkets have finally won back some ground from the discounters.

Switzerland has retained its position as one of the most expensive spots in the world to buy a Big Mac, as the Swiss franc remains strong against all major currencies.

17.25:The FTSE 100 finished down 10.68 points at 7327.13, ending its record-breaking winning streak of 12 all-time closing highs and 14 gains in a row.

The company behind Ray-Ban sunglasses is to merge with French lens maker Essilor in a tie-up worth £40billion.

Fat-cat bosses were last night urged to show restraint after it emerged that a dozen chief executives jetting into Davos were paid in excess of £145million in just one year.

The record-breaking run of the FTSE 100 finally came to an end as the stock market eased off 0.15 per cent, or 10.68 points, to 7327.13.

Martin Gilbert has taken a £1.5million pay cut after an underwhelming year by his firm.

BRITAIN WORKINGJob vacancies are increasing despite uncertainty over what will happen to the economy when the UK leaves the European Union, says recruiter Reed.

Poundland is expanding its clothing range in a bid to copy the success of George at Asda.

A shake-up at the top of Burberry will see former Celine boss Marco Gobbetti replace the British brand’s current chief executive in July.

A pioneering tech firm from Dorset which makes jet packs, flying cars and powered paragliders is getting a £25million boost from Chinese investors.

Upmarket fashion brands favoured by the Duchess of Cambridge and her sister Pippa Middleton have proven popular over Christmas.

17.25:The FTSE 100 closed down 106.75 points at 7220.38 and the pound soared to $1.24 as Prime MinisterTheresa Maylaid outher Brexit planfor the first time.

Greggs has launched a delivery service allowing office workers to order sausage rolls and sandwiches to their desks.

EQUALITY ROW:Having faced criticism about the unequal representation of women at Davos over the years, the World Economic Forum is getting a bit better.

SHARE BOOSTStandard Chartered shares jumped after it revealed it had completed three shipping finance deals worth more than £1.3billion.

Micro Focus has announced its boss will come from HP Enterprise following the British tech giant's takeover of the American company's software arm.

British American Tobacco has agreed to takeover Reynolds for £40billion, creating the world's largest listed tobacco firm.

The pound rallied as Prime Minister Theresa May took a hard line on Brexit, sending the stock market to its sharpest fall since June.

A string of profit warnings has sent shares in three of the UK's largest companies tumbling this morning.

Burberryended 2016 with a rise in sales, buoyed by rich tourists coming to London to buy luxury goods on the cheap.

BHS administrators charged with selling the remains of the collapsed retailer have been quizzed over their rising fees.

Fitness tech firm Fitbug was forced to suspend trading after its share price quadrupled when it announced it had won a major new customer.

Former Rolls-Royce boss Sir John Rose was last night thrown into the heart of the firm’s corruption scandal as fresh details of bribery emerged.

Publishing company Pearson saw more than £1.9bn wiped off its market value after it admitted demand for printed books had fallen off a cliff.

The new boss of troubled outsourcing firm Mitie has cleaned the decks as the firm issued its third profit warning since September.

The world’s largest oil company could join the London stock market in a major boost to Britain following the Brexit vote.

Royal Mail shares were suffering today after it revealed a six per cent drop in the number of letters being sent in the nine months to Christmas.

Ladbrokes joy Betting giant Ladbrokes Coral is on track for a hike in profits despite a savage December for horse racing and football results.

Lagarde warning International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde warned of a ‘lack of trust’ in global leaders – just a month after she was found guilty of negligence in a French court.

17.20:The FTSE 100 closed down 10.00 points at 7198.44 but Wall Street was in the black as all eyes were on Donald's Trump's inauguration today.

Severn Trent has been urged to withdraw its £84million bid for a rival.

The billionaire owner of Fox's Biscuits has been approached by a mystery bidder who wants to take the Party Rings-maker off his hands.

A retail venture backed by controversial businessmen Sir Philip Green and Mike Ashley soared after its first-half earnings doubled to £1.8million.

A strong update from clothing retailer Ted Baker this week spurred global retail director Chris Browne to snap up more shares in the business.

Heineken has confirmed it is in discussions to buy Brazil's second-largest brewer.

A decision to shunBlack Fridaydiscounts in favour of driving full-price sales hit takings at Bonmarche.

A revival of the Teletubbies sent sales of soft toy versions of the characters up this Christmas.

DIRTY PRACTICEThe Competition and Markets Authority has alleged two laundry firms have breached antitrust law.

Members of the global elite launched a scathing attack on British voters yesterday – accusing the country of being 'in denial' over Brexit.

Since the Brexit referendum shoppers have been warned about the rising price of Marmite, Mr Kipling cakes and shoes from Next.

Formula 1 racing teams have shunned a $1.1billion (£892million) share offer as part of a $4.4billion takeover of the sport by a US media giant.

The billionaire owners of retail brands such as Fortnum & Mason, Heal’s and Primark gave millions of pounds to good causes last year thanks to record dividend payouts.

Weetabix could be offloaded to an Italian pasta company in a £1.5bn deal.

Ministers may backtrack on plans to sell the Green Investment Bank to the so-called Aussie vampire kangaroo.

A weaker pound meant British firms paid out a record £16.6bn in dividends in the last three months of 2016.

The boss of Pearson is facing mounting pressure to stand down amid criticism from teachers and shareholders.

Close:London’s leading stock market slipped 47 points today as the pound climbed against the US dollar.

Donald Trump's shock election victory and unfavourable sporting results dented takings at bookmakerPaddy Power Betfairto the tune of £40million in the three months to the end of December.

UK sterling is at a one-month high, largely due to a fall in the US dollar.

Housebuilder Bovis shot up after one of its largest investors urged a merger with rival Berkeley.

BETTING FRENZYHedge funds are betting that commodity prices are on the up as they pile into everything from crude oil to live cattle.

The boss of the historic London Metal Exchange left abruptly yesterday after less than three-and-a-half years in the job – leaving a 34-year-old in charge.

The £402million takeover of Punch Taverns by Heineken will land advisers a £31million fees bonanza.

Sainsbury's chairman used the supermarket giant's staff and its suppliers to revamp his £1.5million country bolthole.

Production and sales are soaring at Petra Diamonds.

17.35:The FTSE 100 closed down 0.84 at 7150.34 as traders digested the Supreme Court ruling that parliament gets to start the Brexit countdown by triggering Article 50.

BT's Europe chief is expected to resign after the telecoms giant announced a £530million hit from the fallout of accounting irregularities at its Italian division.

Shares ineasyJetfell 9 per cent after the no-frills airline warned that the impact of a weaker pound and rising fuel prices on its bottom line would be harsher than expected.

Upmarket tonic water firm Fever-Tree is continuing to enjoy sparkling success as it revealed full-year sales and profits will be ‘materially ahead of its expectations’ today.

Gadgets giant Dixons Carphone hailed its fifth year in a row of growing Christmas sales but shares fell on investor fears that its performance could drop off in 2017.

Crest Nicholson raked in annual sales of £1billion as it overcame aBrexitwobble.

A mild British summer forced sunseekers to cover up and hurt sales of St Tropez fake tan.

A clampdown on trading continues to weigh on IG Group shares.

British Gas has been fined £9.5million after the energy watchdog said its billing systems had let customers down.

FLASH FEARSGlobal financial markets will face more 'flash crashes' in line with sterling's sharp fall in October, according to a top Bank of England official.

Rio Tinto is selling most of its coal mining business in Australia to a Chinese group.

US bank Citigroup has confirmed it plans to shift some jobs out of London to a rival European financial centre because of Brexit and will make a final decision on the location in the first half of the year.

17.25:The FTSE 100 closed up 14.09 points at 7164.43, but the performance of London's top index was a sideshow as the Dow Jones leapt above 20,000 for the first time ever.

The pound’s decline has seen Santander’s UK arm profit fall almost 15 per cent as the bank warned that 2017 would be a ‘changeable and more challenging’ year.

Shares inRestaurant Grouphave slid after latest figures showed customers continued to turn their back on the company's dining chains.

Prosecutors in Milan have opened a criminal investigation into BT’s Italian unit over allegations of embezzlement and false accounting after the telecoms company was swamped by a £530million accounting scandal yesterday.

Scotch whisky creates almost £5bn a year for the UK economy, a study says.

 As the World Bank forecast that the value of precious metals would fall, so the price of gold, silver and platinum tumbled.

BT is facing a criminal probe into allegations of false accounting and embezzlement relating to a £530m accounting scandal.

The founder of online fashion retailer Asos has sold £15.5m worth of shares in order to pay his tax bill.

The Dow Jones Industrial Average smashed through the 20,000 mark for the first time last night as global stock markets rallied.

 The number of savers switching to Santander’s 123 account tumbled after the bank slashed interest rates.

RBS has earmarked another £3.1billion (3.8 billion US dollars) to deal with claims by the US authorities that it mis-sold toxic US mortgage products in the run up to the financial crisis.

A spoof revival of Enid Blyton’s Famous Five books – including ‘Five on Brexit Island’ – cheered Christmas sales for WH Smith.

17.20:The FTSE 100 closed down 2.94 points at 7161.49 as investors digested news the economy grew 0.6 per cent at the end of last year.

Three of French Connection’s biggest shareholders have called for its long-standing boss to step down amid heavy losses.

Staff at high street bank TSB will pocket their share of a £28million windfall from the lender after it posted bumper profits in its annual results today.

The cash-for-contracts scandal engulfing one of Britain’s biggest builders has seen four people arrested on suspicion of bribery, it has emerged.

Forking out millions of pounds for broadcast rights to Premier League football matches has led to a 9 per cent slip for Sky's half-year earnings.

Amaretti lattes and mint hot chocolates boosted Costa Coffee owner Whitbread – but success was soured in its restaurant arm.

Booming demand for car and motorcycle manuals and a growing interest in online products boosted sales for publisher Haynes.

Hug them close.

Designer shoe brand Jimmy Choo notched up record sales last year and trumpeted growth in its menswear division.

Shareholders scored a major victory against fat cat pay as they forced a FTSE 100 giant to back down over plans to give a boss a £3million pay rise.

CHRISTMAS CHEERFuller, Smith and Turner reported robust trading over Christmas, driven by growth at its managed pubs and hotels arm.

Strong trading over Christmas helped boost Card Factory.

17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 23 points at 7184.49 as traders waited to see whether Prime Minister Theresa May would hit it off with new US president Donald Trump at their first meeting later.

President Trump’s decision to withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Trade Partnership could be a welcome boon for investors inChina, after years of caution on the region.

Alliance Trust has brought to an end a bitter battle with a US hedge fund by snapping up the shares owned by the American investor.

The plunging price of BT shares has seen the value of stock owned by the company’s 700,000-strong army of small private investors plummet by £900million as the company battles with the effects of an accounting scandal.

Tesco's surprise £3.9billion takeover of cash and carry group Booker has ‘alarmed’ suppliers.

Key City trading firms are looking to open offices in the European Union after Brexit, a stock market boss has said.

Stephen Marks, the chairman and founder of fashion chain French Connection, faces a rebellion from City shareholders, The Mail on Sunday has learned.

The Government has further slashed its stake in Lloyds to less than 5 per cent signaling the near-close of one of the UK's biggest privatisations since the 1980s.

17.35:The FTSE 100 closed down 66.01 points at 7118.48, joining other top markets around the world in the red amid consternation over Donald Trump's travel ban targeting seven Muslim countries.

Wine Rack ownerConviviality Retailhas seen a surge in half-year sales, helped by a string of acquisitions.

 The world’s biggest airlines suffered a sell-off as stock markets around the world plummeted yesterday over Donald Trump’s controversial clampdown on travel to the United States.

Rumours of a tie-up with a US rival helped British engineer WS Atkins build a 6 per cent rise to its share price yesterday.

Purplebricks brought to an end days of confusion over its soaring share price.

The FTSE 100 closed down 19.33 points at 7099.15 after concern over weaker than expected US economic data spread to European markets.

 Deutsche Bank has been fined more than £500million after British and US regulators found that failings at the German lender led to £7.9billion being laundered out of Russia.

Property listing website Zoopla will buy leading housing data specialist Hometrack for £120million, it was revealed today.

Thousands of Norwich & Peterborough Building Society customers will have their money frozen unless they switch their current accounts.

BT directors and the wives of top bosses have splashed out more than £500,000 on shares in the company just days after an accounting scandal inItalyplunged the group into crisis.

Booming demand for Pepsi Max and 7UP has helped offset dwindling demand for still drinks at Britvic.

Shell has sold around half of its assets in the North Sea to a private exploration and production firm.

Anchor butter's owner is investing more than £37million in its UK business in a bid to position itself as the champion of British dairy.

Diageo is taking on Jameson-maker Pernod Ricard with an Irish whiskey.

17.30:The FTSE 100 closed up 8.50 points at 7107.65 as traders await the latest pronouncement on future interest rate policy from the US Federal Reserve, the world's most powerful central bank.

Shares inWizz Airhave tumbled this session on signs that the fierce air fare industry price war has started to hit the low-cost European carrier hard.

 Cheap holiday website On The Beach has seen a boost in profits recently – and now its shares are getting a lift too.

Dutch beer giant Heineken is on course to win the bid for Punch Taverns after a rival suitor dropped out of the race yesterday.

The bosses of easyJet and Sky have left Burberry’s pay committee as part of a boardroom overhaul.

A budget airline price war threatens to wipe £26m off the earnings of Wizz Air – which sent its shares into a nosedive yesterday.

Sir Charles Dunstone yesterday seized back control of scandal-hit telecoms firm TalkTalk after boss Baroness Dido Harding suddenly quit.

Reckitt Benckiser, the global goods giant behind Cillit Bang, Dettol and Nurofen, is in talks to buy US baby formula maker Mead Johnson in a $16.7billion, or £13.3billion, deal.

Lego is to expand its London office in a move the Danish group says sends a ‘clear signal’ that the capital is central to its future.

Homebase stores across the country are to be transformed in an Australian home-improvement invasion which begins today.

The London Stock Exchange's merger with its German rival has been dealt a hammer blow after Deutsche Boerse chief executive Carsten Kengeter had his Frankfurt apartment raided by police amid a probe into suspected insider trading.

 The struggling Co-op Bank is set to report heavy losses in March as it battles to secure its future.

Shell's earnings have slumped following its landmark £47bn purchase of rival BG Group.

The boss of Ralph Lauren is making a sudden departure after a row with its 77-year-old founder.

Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley launched a buying spree yesterday as he took an 11 per cent stake in French Connection and held talks to snap up US giant Eastern Outfitters.

A flood of cheap generic alternatives for branded cholesterol medicine caused sales to slump for drug giantAstraZeneca.

 Estate agency group MartinCo –which runs the Martin & Co chain – soared as it shrugged off concerns about Brexit on the property sector.

Ferrari will launch more special editions, such as its £1.8m LaFerrari Aperta, in a bid to boost profits by 8 per cent this year.

The British consumer goods giant behind Harpic, Dettol and Nurofen is seeking to buy an American baby formula maker for £13bn.

Vodafone has warned profits will be at the lower end of expectations as it faces greater competition in the UK and India.

Royal Bank of Scotland has been hit with a £68m fine in the United States as it paid the price for yet another scandal.

Bank shares surged asPresident Trumpindicated he would tear up industry regulations which were put in place after the financial crisis.

HIRING SPREEAmerican companies went on a hiring spree last month in a sign that President Trump has inherited a robust jobs market.

The future of one of Britain's biggest nuclear power stations has been thrown into doubt after Toshiba looked set to pull the plug on the £10billion project.

There was precious little Christmas cheer at Topshop for billionaire owner Sir Philip Green after sales reportedly plunged by almost 11 per cent over the festive period.

The battle for Britain’s poshest tonic is fizzing up as Fentimans prepares to take on Fever-Tree with a range of upmarket mixers.

The sacking of acting US attorney general Sally Yates could further delay Royal Bank of Scotland’s efforts to agree a fine for its sales of toxic mortgage debt.

A fierce price war among budget airlines is set to benefit millions of passengers as Ryanair was the latest carrier to announce a drop in fares - as well as in profits.

17.25:The FTSE 100 closed down 16.15 points at 7172.15 as investors got the jitters over political risks in Europe and the US.

No checkouts Amazon is searching for shops in London as it considers opening a checkout-free grocery chain this year.

17:00:The Footsie closed up 0.2 per cent at 7,186.22 points, boosted a surge in miners and house builders, while UK mid-caps posted a record closing level.

Recent higher oil prices have given a boost toBPtowards the end of the year, but underlying profits still halved compared to the year before.

Bellwayhas forked out £380million on land as the housebuilder bets big on growth amid 'robust' demand for homes.

Heineken will try to fill bars with its own beer when it snaps up Britain's second biggest pub chain for £1.8billion.

NETTING SALESWealthy Brits snapping up designs by Gucci, Valentino and Balenciaga drove sales at luxury retailer Yoox Net-A-Porter.

The man credited with saving the Co-op Group from collapse has stepped down as fears grow about the future of its banking arm.

BP'S profits have slumped as it battles low oil prices, higher spending and a mounting bill from the Deepwater Horizon disaster.

An insider trading probe into the foreign takeover of the London Stock Exchange may have been triggered by a dirty tricks campaign orchestrated by German critics of the deal.

Engineering works on train lines and falling demand for buses caused a slowdown in First Group's UK business.

The FTSE 250 hit a record high last night and the pound bounced back against the dollar after a senior Bank of England official said interest rates may need to rise in the coming months.

Brexit-supporting Lord Jones of Birmingham, chirpy ex-boss of the CBI, was accused by Labour's Chris Leslie yesterday of idealistically portraying post-Brexit Britain as 'everybody skipping through the fields eating marshmallows and sweets'.

A failure to stock up on this winter's fashion must-haves, such as ripped jeans and knitwear, led to a profit slump at New Look.

On the day the Government announced an overhaul of Britain's broken housing industry and promised more affordable properties, it was no surprise to see the housebuilders boosted.

Mining giant Rio Tinto is set to return a bumper load of cash to shareholders as part of a $500 million buyback thanks to a surprise turnaround in iron ore prices.

17:00:The Footsie finished up by a whisker, having spent most of the session in the red.

Online brokerHargreaves Lansdownhas posted a healthy half year profit, helped by a share dealing frenzy in the wake of the Brexit vote.

A Judge has blocked an unprecedented bid by workers to prevent the takeover of their employer by a FTSE 100 giant.

The looming threat of cheap generic copies of one of its major drugs cast a shadow over GlaxoSmithKline's full-year results.

Major housing projects are being held up for years by red tape which includes forcing developers to protect slow worms and agree the colour of window sills.

Cyber security firm Sophos soared as it reported an 11 per cent revenue rise in the three months to December 31 and turned a £10.6million loss a year ago into a £1.4million profit.

Rio Tinto shareholders are in line for a better-than-expected payout as it returned to profit.

Embarrassment for amiable ex-John Lewis boss Andy Street in his bid to be Tory mayor of the West Midlands.

Shares at St Ives crashed 14 per cent yesterday after the marketing group revealed its deal to supply books for Harper Collins would not be renewed.

CLOSE:The FTSE 100 climbed 0.6 per cent, or 40.68 points, to 7229.50 - the first time it has finished above 7200 in three weeks.

Thomas Cook enjoyed a 40 per cent rise in bookings to Greece in the last quarter as holidaymakers shunned Turkey and other countries tainted by the threat of terrorism.

Waitrose plans to close half a dozen stores and cut hundreds of jobs after being hit by rising food costs and customers defecting to cut-price rivals.

Shares in San-Francisco basedTwitterhave fallen over 10 per cent after the group revealed its losses in the final three months of 2016 had almost doubled.

The British plastic packaging giant that makes Heinz tomato ketchup bottles has bought an American rival for £509million.

Emerging market investors don't seem to have been put off despite the advent of Donald Trump's presidency.

AIRPORT TAKE-OFFManchester Airport has broken into the European top 20 after being used by 1.6m passengers last month.

Tata has signed an agreement to sell its speciality steels business to Liberty House Group for £100million.

The maker of Cathedral City cheese and Country Life and Clover spreads has said it expects net debt to be 'somewhat' higher than the previous year due to rising milk and cream prices.

Ditching Australia for Britain boosted sales for the owner of Skinny Tan.

Thomas Cook was forced into a humbling U-turn on its boss's pay yesterday after a revolt by shareholders.

Shares in Twitter plunged almost 13 per cent after its losses mounted and it reported a shock drop in advertising.

Moves to revolutionise the nuclear power industry are moving forward with successful testing of a safety system.

17.15 (close):The FTSE 100 ended the day higher thanks to a jump in mining stocks, as investors cheered Chinese data showing a rise in commodity imports.

Brexit will see London lose its status as the number one gateway for financial companies looking for access to Europe, one of Germany's most senior bank regulators has said.

 The boss of tech giant Just Eat has unexpectedly stood down after four years at the helm.

Disney is to stage a takeover of its theme park in Paris following a bitter row with some investors.

One of Royal Bank of Scotland’s former bosses is seeking to join a £1bn lawsuit against the company.

At the risk of sounding unkind, there is a permanent air of gloom about John Cryan.

 A savings crisis will see rises in the cost of living outstrip rates on the best accounts, Britain’s biggest building society has warned.

Chemicals firm Elementis advanced after revealing plans to expand its personal care business.

The former chief executive of engineering firm Rolls-Royce has been questioned by investigators probing bribery allegations.

The boss of consumer giant Reckitt Benckiser has been forced to defend the firm’s decision to buy an American baby milk company for £13.2bn amid slowing sales.

The chairman and chief executive of L’Oréal has admitted he is selling The Body Shop as he failed to grow the skincare company as much as he expected.

The Japanese owner of sports and fashion clothing brand Fred Perry is to pick up a £7.8million dividend this year even though sales and turnover fell and profit margins declined.

Rolls-Royceis set to report a record annual loss of more than £4billion this week following sterling’s fall against the dollar and the £671million fine it must pay after admitting corruption charges.

 A plunge in small firms joining the City’s junior stock market could be down to thriving public investment through crowdfunding websites, analysts claim.

Troubled engineering giant Rolls-Royce is expected to announce a record £4bn pre-tax loss.

Thousands of jobs are at risk at Royal Bank of Scotland as its faces making a loss for its ninth year in a row.

Banking software group Misys is understood to be mulling a return to the London Stock Exchange, in a boost to London’s flotation markets.

The misery facing savers will be laid bare today by figures expected to show inflation has raced to its highest level in almost three years.

17.20:The FTSE 100 closed up 20.17 points at 7278.92 as commodity price gains boosted London-listed resource stocks.

FRENCH DEBTSMarine Le Pen's plans to take France out of the eurozone would cost more than £25billion a year in extra debt interest payments, according to the Banque de France.

Japanese giant Toshiba is expected to confirm it is withdrawing from new nuclear projects outside Japan, dealing a big blow to plans for a new power station in the UK.

Mining giant Glencore has bought out its controversial Israeli billionaire partner from major mines in the Congo.

The private equity owners of Agent Provocateur are close to securing a buyer for the troubled lingerie chain.

Two of the world's top bankers have made £335million as shares surged in value following Donald Trump's election.

The boss of Crest Nicholson was paid £2.2million last year, which was nearly £2million less than the year before.

While suggestions that RBS could cut 15,000 jobs was bad for staff, investors cheered the likely cost-saving measures.

Luxury fashion brand Prada will hope its latest collection is a hit with shoppers after experiencing slowing demand in the US and Europe.

Thousands of BMW workers in the UK are threatening to strike over the German carmaker's plans to shut their final salary pension scheme.

Engineering giant Rolls-Royce slumped to its biggest ever loss last year as it was hit by a collapse in the pound after Brexit and corruption charges.

17.20 (close):The FTSE-100 index at the close was down 10.36 at 7268.56.

Fashion retailer Next will usher in a new chairman this summer after long-standing boss John Barton announced his retirement.

Elderly and vulnerable households will bear the brunt of Npower's price hikes next month.

Mitchells & Butlers tumbled as Canaccord Genuity cut its 'Buy' rating on the stock.

British families have been undeterred by the fall in the pound since the Brexit vote and are booking ski trips as well as holidays to hotspots.

HSBC CHIEFBanking giant HSBC has appointed the first chief executive of its new UK ring-fenced bank.

Shares in Apple, the world’s most valuable company, hit a new high yesterday as rumours circulated about its new iPhone.

17.20 (close):Banking stocks soared to their highest levels since the Brexit vote as investors continued to cheer signals the US Federal Reserve was still on track to raise interest rates this year.

Average wages dipped at the end of last year leaving British workers suffering a slowdown in spending power as inflation picks up, official figures showed today.

British transport giant Stagecoach has given up on its attempt to conquer theNew Yorksightseeing bus market after selling up to its American partner.

Thousands of Tata Steel workers will accept cuts to their pensions in return for commitments on their jobs.

Brewing giant Heineken was rocked by a backlash from pub landlords yesterday as the company toasted a near-10 per cent rise in profits.

During her heyday in the 1990s, when she click-clacked round the Square Mile in her skirt suits and stilettos, £250,000 would have been handbag change to Nicola Horlick.

 Almost eight months on from the Brexit vote and the FTSE is still flying.

The new Australian owner of DIY chain Homebase suffered a £28m loss in the UK.

Billionaire investor Warren Buffett has made a huge bet on Apple while dumping almost all of his stock in Asda owner Walmart.

Toshiba shares fell 9 per cent as the crisis that has thrown the UK’s nuclear power plans into doubt showed little sign of easing.

Activia yogurt maker Danone warned of a ‘steep rise’ in milk prices – as shoppers face being hit at the till.

17.00:The FTSE-100 index at the close was down 24.49 at 7277.92.

The French carmaker seeking to buy Vauxhall closed its last factory in Britain a decade ago.

The UK's competition watchdog has launched an investigation into Heineken’s £1.8billion pubs deal with Punch Taverns.

Cobham shares have tanked 15 per cent after the engineer served up its second profit warning in two months, while admitting that it has little idea how it will perform in 2017.

Laura Ashley suffered a 29 per cent drop in pre-tax profits in the final six months of 2016, amid falling sales and rising costs.

Budget airline Wizz Air is opening its first UK base, in Luton, stressing its commitment to Britain.

WATCHDOG SCRUTINYThe accountancy watchdog is to review the behaviour of leading firms to address concerns raised by Prime Minister Theresa May over the role of big business in Britain.

A German takeover of the London Stock Exchange will create 300 jobs in Frankfurt – fuelling fears it will take the City's business.

 Photo-messaging appSnapchatwill float on the stock market with a value of £18billion it was revealed yesterday – despite never having made a profit.

Kitkat and Nespresso-owner Nestle is eyeing a major restructuring drive to shore up profits after missing forecasts and taking a hit in China.

The French firm planning to take control of British car maker Vauxhall has slashed more than 15,000 jobs in the last three years – and doubled its boss's pay.

Power company Drax is planning to review its dividend policy as it reinvents itself for a future without coal.

Board members at insurer Beazley cashed in almost £4.9million of shares after a recent surge in the stock.

Former Barclays head Bob Diamond's new business has launched a fresh fundraising bid and lost its chief executive.

17.30:London's top flight index has pushed higher, buoyed by surging Unilever shares after the consumer goods giant rejected a major merger offer from US peer Kraft Heinz.

Retail sales took a tumble last month as a jump in food and fuel prices squeezed consumer spending power at the start of the new year.

Student accommodation developer Unite has sold 13 UK properties to fund manager Brookfield for £295m.

The fall in the pound caused profits to slump at the premium hotel chain Millennium & Copthorne.

Unilever is, in the unpleasant jargon of financial markets, ‘in play’.

A German takeover of the London Stock Exchange faces a last-ditch challenge from campaigning MPs.

British households are reining in spending in the face of rising prices, official figures suggested yesterday.

Metal prices have soared since the start of the year – but it might not be too late for those who have missed the rally to still invest.

He is Britain’s most successful post-war industrialist, with a privately owned petrochemicals firm which employs some 17,000 people and boasts an annual turnover of around £35bn.

British Steel has appointed an Austrian to lead its recovery.

Royal Bank of Scotland was last night told that plans to sell-off Williams & Glyn have been abandoned.

 Princess Beatrice is understood to have teamed up with US firm Afiniti in her latest business venture.

Britain’s biggest banks will be firmly in the spotlight this week, with five of the major lenders reporting annual results.

 Amazon has announced it will create more than 5,000 jobs in Britain by the end of the year.

Kent-based housebuilder Bovis Homes saw profits decline last year as it saw a spike in costs relating to remedial work and compensation for customers who complained about the poor quality of their homes.

17.30:The FTSE 100 closed down 0.10 points at 7299.86 after a quiet session other than watching the fallout from Unilever's rebuff of Kraft Heinz's takeover bid.

Shares in Royal Bank of Scotland have bounced six per cent this morning after it revealed that it may not sell off branches repackaged as Williams & Glyn after all.

Shopping centre ownerHammersonsaw profits more than halve last year as the value of some of its property portfolio suffered, it revealed this morning.

Royal Bank of Scotland defied expectation yesterday, soaring after it cancelled the sale of its Williams & Glyn branches.

Tie-up fails Poundland owner Steinhoff and supermarket chain Shoprite have abandoned a $14 billion deal to create Africa’s biggest shop network.

CLOSE: The Footsie closed 17.6 points, or 0.24 per cent lower at 7,282.26, dragged down byHSBC, which is a large component of the FTSE 100.

Global banking giantHSBCreported a 62 per cent slump in profits today after a ‘challenging’ year that saw ‘significant and largely unexpected economic and political events’.

The US stock market yesterday surged to a record high as strong retail results pushed it higher.

Asda has finally unveiled itsChristmastrading results which put the US-owned grocer at the bottom of the supermarket league table.

Intercontinental Hotels shares hit a record high in early trading yesterday after the firm announced a surprise £322million dividend.

HACKING HITYahoo is taking a £281million hit on its sale to US telecoms giant Verizon after cyber attacks.

The boss of HSBC has been forced to take a bonus cut over money laundering failings at the bank.

Construction group Galliford Try gave investors reason to cheer as it hiked its dividend 23 per cent to 32p a share.

The Government has refused to intervene in a £21billion German takeover of theLondonStock Exchange despite growing pressure to investigate the deal.

Cost-cutting and a boost to commodities prices are helping miners climb out of one of the industry's most severe slumps.

The multi-millionaire boss of Ocado has pocketed £1.2million of shares as part of an incentive scheme.

LloydsBanking Group's has more than doubled its annual pre-tax profits, aided by a sharp reduction in payment protection insurance provisions.

17.10 (close):The FTSE 100 index at the close was up 27.42 at 7302.25.

Bricks-and-mortar challenger bank Metro is on track to make its first profit this year, after shedding 75 per cent of its losses, which fell to £11.7million in 2016.

17.10 (close):The FTSE 100 index at the close was up 27.42 at 7302.25.

Barratt today reported a healthy rise in half-year profits, despite building nearly 6 per cent fewer homes compared to the preceding six months.

Plane maker Airbus has had to write off £1.8billion as it wrangles with Nato countries over the cost of a military cargo plane.

BAE Systems has posted a double digit increase in full-year profits and expects the election ofDonald Trumpto further boost its performance in 2017.

The embattled boss of Lloyds has taken a £3.2million pay cut following a year in which he was caught having an affair on a business trip.

A slowdown in the London housing market has forced a leading developer to slash the value of a flagship project by £215million.

Under-fire engineering group ABB has revealed the discovery of a 'sophisticated criminal scheme' in its robotics arm.

SCOTTISH SLUMPThe Spanish owner of Scottish Power saw profits dive in its UK operations last year as 160,000 customers switched to other suppliers.

 Cyber crime specialists NCC Group plunged the moment the market opened yesterday having sneaked out an update just 15 minutes before it had closed the previous evening.

17.30 (close):London's top-flight index swung into the red as investors took a dim view of Barclays despite the banking giant posting a significant surge in profits.

Barclays restructuring efforts under chief executive Jes Staley are paying off with the bank reporting a near tripling in annual profits.

Consumer group Unilever is bracing the markets for cuts as it prepares to wield the axe to stave off another takeover bid.

Shares in Halfords hit the brakes as Peel Hunt slashed its rating on the stock to 'Sell'.

The fashion designer daughter of former West Indies cricketer Sir Viv Richards is behind a new collection for online retailer Koovs.

John Lewis will stop making home-made meals as the firm looks to axe 800 jobs.

DIAMOND SWOOPSFormer Barclays boss Bob Diamond is buying a bank in Greece as he seeks to expand his investment business Atlas Mara.

Shares at commodities giant Glencore have soared almost 400 per cent in 16 months as it notched up an 18 per cent rise in profits.

Cigarette maker British American Tobacco is hoping to push up the number of vaping products it sells as tobacco sales drop.

Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has today reported a £7 billion annual loss that will further delay the share sell-off in the 72 per cent state-owned bank.

The brewing giant poised to take on 1,900 British pubs is facing an £80million lawsuit for allegedly bullying bars and rival brewers to sell its beer.

News from RBS, Standard Chartered, British Airways owner IAG and property website Rightmove.

Snapchat will list on the US stock exchange this year and investors are currently weighing up whether to buy into its IPO.

Property website Rightmove reported double-digit growth in revenues, profits and dividends yesterday – but its shares sank nearly 6 per cent.

HIGH FLYINGHeathrow is seeing stronger-than-expected passenger numbers amid uncertainty in the economy.

The Chancellor is in line to enjoy a £4.5billion Budget boost later this month thanks to three months of surging bank share prices, with the taxpayer likely to see a half billion pound profit on their shares in Lloyds Banking Group.

ITV, home to The Voice and Ninja Warrior UK, is set to report a fall in annual profits this week and warn of a gloomy outlook for advertising revenues in the year ahead.

One is famous for its slow-moving yellow diggers, the other for its racing cars but JCB and Formula One team Williams Martini have joined forces for the 2017 season.

Advertising giantWPPis set to report a sharp rise in annual profits to almost £2billion this week, partly as a result of the pound’s slump.

The boss of Bourne Leisure has called on Ministers to reduce VAT for the tourism industry during school holidays to test the effect of a tax cut.

A clampdown on store thefts helped the British arm of Whole Foods Market make a profit for its second consecutive year.

FAT CATS Firms should publish a fair-pay plan to justify bosses’ salaries, City leaders say.

A whistleblower has warned that RBS will try to silence him in a courtroom showdown over its infamous company rescue unit.

Another multi-billion-pound Greek rescue is ‘inevitable’ unless Germany offers debt relief, a leading think-tank has warned.

Warren Buffett has attacked hedge funds, arguing that their highly paid managers cannot beat the stock market.

Ladbrokes has been ordered to pay £71m after losing a court case over a controversial tax-avoidance programme.

News from Persimmon, Trinity Mirror and Associated British Foods, plus the latest form London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Boerse merger which could be on the verge of collapse.

The consumer giant behind budget clothing favourite Primark revealed upbeat sales figures today but warned the weaker pound would hit margins at the fast fashion chain.

 TheLondonStock Exchange's £24billion merger withGermany's Deutsche Borse looks set to be blocked by the European Commission.

Barclays has appointed Debenhams chairman and former Bradford & Bingley director Sir Ian Cheshire as chairman of its new ring-fenced bank, Barclays UK.

Persimmon was the latest housebuilder to announce rising annual profits today, as demand for new homes and prices continued to rise in what it described as a ‘confident’ housing market.

The outgoing chief executive of BAE Systems has cashed in more than 130,000 shares.

GOLD STRIKEAcacia Mining believes it has found more than a million ounces of gold in western Kenya.

Insurance firms plunged as fears mounted that profits could be hit by compensation payouts.

Company earnings dominate the session in London, with Greggs, Virgin Money, Taylor Wimpey and Moneysupermarket all posting results.

Housebuilder Taylor Wimpey will make a bumper dividend pay-out to shareholders over the next couple of years, it revealed today.

Shares in the owner of strike-hit Southern Railway plunged 14 per cent after it warned full-year profits would come in lower than expected as earnings at its rail division plunged 35 per cent and fewer passengers took its buses.

Company earnings dominate the session in London, with Greggs, Virgin Money, Taylor Wimpey and Moneysupermarket all posting results.

Blue-chip wealth management and investment firm St James's Place saw its shares slide 7 per cent today before recovering some of the lost ground after it revealed chief executive David Bellamy is stepping down.

MoneySuperMarket shares fell more than 6 per cent today despite growing revenues from people comparing insurance and credit cards helped it lift group profits last year.

Every time Valerie Jacobs visits her brother in North London she pops a note on her car dashboard that says: 'Collecting carers' parking permit.

The founder of Net-a-Porter has joined a rival retailer.

Defence shares soared on the back of strong sales last year and a boost from Donald Trump.

Unilever has unveiled a shake-up of executive pay as the Marmite maker launches a cost-cutting review.

The controversial sale of a state-backed bank set up to support environmental projects faces a last-ditch legal fight.

One of the oldest names on the High Street has been put up for sale – raising concerns over the future of its 170 shops and thousands of employees.

Virgin Money, the challenger bank backed by Sir Richard Branson, is eyeing up assets of the struggling Co-op Bank.

DIAMOND SLUMPMiner Anglo-American's De Beers' group reported a 25 per cent fall in diamond sales during the second sales cycle of the year.

The FTSE 100 has hit a new closing high, in a extraordinary session which has seen investors pile into stocks around the globe following a speech from President Donal Trump last night.

ITV has blamed Brexit for the dip in its advertising revenues which was announced as part of its full-year results statement this morning.

TheLondonstock market soared to new record highs today meaning that the FTSE 100 index has now rocketed by a third since February last year.

The FTSE 100 hit a new record high yesterday.

The struggling German boss seeking to buy the London Stock Exchange has insisted his business can survive on its own if the deal collapses.

EUROTUNNEL LIFTEurotunnel says it is not being affected by Brexit and that travellers are slowly returning to Paris.

Building materials group CRH reported soaring profits and said it was 'well positioned' to benefit from increased infrastructure spending in the US.

Hedge fund giant Man Group has swung to a loss after its wine-loving chief executive left for New York.

The maker of Irn Bru has risked the wrath of legions of Scottish fans with a pledge to slash sugar in the drink.

Investment giant Schroders has revealed a substantial growth in assets under management of 27 per cent last year to just under £400billion.

TheScottish Mortgageinvestment trust will enter the FTSE 100 in a fortnight after its stock market value has soared, the quarterly review of the index revealed last night.

EUROTUNNEL LIFTEurotunnel says it is not being affected by Brexit and that travellers are slowly returning to Paris.

Jewel-encrusted shoes and luxury trainers drove sales at British shoemaker Jimmy Choo.

Wealthy UK shoppers could soon try on designer clothes while the delivery man waits.

PROFITS UPPrice comparison website Gocompare has bolstered profits by close to a third and said it could enjoy an uplift from changes to the insurance industry.

AltonTowers owner Merlin Entertainments said visitors were returning to the crisis-hit attraction, but would not reach pre-accident levels until 2018.

Philip Hammond will be handed a Budget windfall of £45billion thanks to the resilience of the UK economy following the Brexit vote, according to experts.

A day after Irn Bru cut its recipe to reduce sugar, Vimto maker Nichols said sugar-free sales of its leading brand were up 19 per cent.

The FTSE 100 has headed lower for the second session in a row after Wednesday's record breaking gains.

Natural resources-focused Red Leopard has endured a difficult few years, during which its share price has collapsed from upwards of a penny to just a tenth of that value.

SHELL CHARGESShell and its Italian counterpart Eni face corruption charges in Nigeria over the controversial £1billion purchase of an oilfield.

The London Stock Exchange has sought to appease shareholders with a hike in its dividend amid the expected collapse of its £21billion German takeover.

Sir Martin Sorrell is nursing a £32million headache after shares in WPP fell 8 per cent yesterday.

A shakeup at Sainsbury's will cut the pay of thousands of workers and leave hundreds more out of work.

Britain's economy has slowed since the start of the year as rising prices dent household spending, figures suggested yesterday.

The stars were out in force for the launch of the most beautiful Range Rover yet.

A vote of confidence from Barclays sent WH Smith to an 11-month high as the broker called the firm a force to be reckoned with.

This Saturday is the 17th anniversary of the bursting of the dotcom bubble, the stock market correction that saw share values plummet – triggering the collapse of a host of internet-based companies.

Two fund giants are in merger talks to create a £660bn investment behemoth.

THE world’s banks have paid more than £260bn in fines since the financial crisis for a host of wrongdoing, a report has revealed.

On form Supermarket Morrisons is expected to reveal its first profit growth in six years when it publishes results this week.

Philip Green’s company Arcadia is to double its annual pension scheme contributions in a bid to plug a £200m black hole.

Shares in both Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management jumped this morning after the two FTSE 100 companies confirmed they have agreed terms on a merger to create a UK fund management giant.

BREXIT BOOSTA survey of 200 businesses by The 5 per cent Club – whose members commit to ensuring 5 per cent of their workforce are apprentices – found that 89 per cent won't change their hiring policy after Brexit.

A clear-out at the top of Arcadia has seen directors of some of Sir Philip Green's biggest brands step down.

Lavendon's boss has made £1.4million from the sale of the company to French rival Loxam – more than double the amount he earned the year before.

Fat Face's boss has unveiled ambitions to extend his reach further overseas – after a successful expansion into the US.

The boss of Aberdeen Asset Management has warned that hundreds of jobs could be lost following its £3.8billion takeover by rival Standard Life.

Less than two years after listing Shawbrook Bank on the stock market, the private equity firm which took it to flotation is trying to buy it back.

Bosses of the firm which makes dozens of leading kitchen appliances have banked more than £50million form a stock market float.

The Footsie started the day higher, rising 0.1 per cent higher at 7,359.58 at the open, but slipped into the red in the afternoon.

The Footsie started the day higher, rising 0.1 per cent higher at 7,359.58 at the open, but slipped into the red in the afternoon.

Profits at Direct Line have slumped 30 per cent, with the insurance giant blaming government changes to the way personal injury claims are calculated.

Online takeaway firmJust Eatpleased the stock market today as it said pre-tax profits rose by 164 per cent despite slower growth in the UK.

The boss of drugs giantAstraZenecaearned £13.4million last year after receiving compensation to make up for the amount he would have received in his previous job.

Shares in PureCircle jumped 7.5 per cent after a US ban on imports was lifted.

Time-poor office workers are ordering breakfast to their desks – making early morning eating the fastest-growing takeaway category.

Outsourcing firm Mitie tumbled after Jefferies downgraded the stock to 'underperform'.

Telecom giants have clashed ahead of the multi-billion pound auction of the latest super-fast mobile networks.

DIVI GROWTHBritain's oldest trust has announced a dividend increase for the 46th year in a row.

The struggling owner of Frankie & Benny's and Mexican eatery Chiquito is putting 100 jobs at risk with plans to close eight branches this year.

 London shares rose after Philip Hammond unveiled revised growth figures for the UK economy in his first budget as Chancellor.

Londonmarkets held firm this afternoon afterChancellor Philip Hammonddelivered the lastBudgetbefore Article 50 is triggered at the end of the month.

On a day when there was little or no FTSE reaction to the Chancellor's Budget, it was Dignity which was among the biggest tumblers, as it claimed there could be significantly fewer deaths this year.

Hard-up families are splashing out on credit cards and eating into their savings as inflation rises, according to Britain's top spending watchdog.

Banks are set to be stung for £2.1billion more tax than previously thought, new forecasts show.

More private jets fly in and out of London and its regional airports than any other European destination, underlining its attraction to the super-rich.

The finance director of Just East has made a quick profit after snapping up shares in the firm.

Booming demand in America and a successful rollout of an in-store cash management system helped security firm G4S boast turnaround results.

Firms cannot wait for the state to solve their problems and must start to invest, the boss of finance giant Legal & General has said.

Saudi investors are taking a 25 per cent stake in British chip designer ARM just six months after it was bought by Japanese firm Softbank.

Royal Bank of Scotland is handing its top management team up to £16million of stock in bonuses, despite making a £7billion loss last year.

Small companies could soon get tax breaks for keeping open ageing oil fields in the North Sea.

SKY REVIEWRupert Murdoch's 21st Century Fox said it 'welcomed' a Government review into its £11.7billion deal to buy the 39 per cent of Sky it does not already own.

Weak oil prices dragged the FTSE 100 lower this session, after yesterday's excitement surrounding the budget subsided.

John Lewis and Waitrose staff will see bonuses cut to 6 per cent of their annual salary after the firm warned of an 'increasingly uncertain market'.

Countrywide's profits fell by 59 per cent to £19.5million last year, with April's stamp duty hike and June's Brexit vote triggering a 'sustained impact' on buyer sentiment.

UK-based insurer Aviva has pledged to hand more cash to shareholders after enjoying better than expected profits last year.

Weak oil prices dragged the FTSE 100 lower this session, after yesterday's excitement surrounding the budget subsided.

Oil stocks slumped yesterday as the price of the black stuff fell to its lowest level since November.

Shares in BT Group leapt almost 5 per cent this morning after it announced a deal with regulator Ofcom to split out the Openreach network from its main business.

Bailed-out Lloyds has taken another £350million hit for mis-selling PPI as the scandal rumbles on.

The London Stock Exchange is competing with its New York rival to host what could be the biggest flotation ever.

The firm supplying three reactors for a plant in Cumbria looks set to file for bankruptcy in the US – throwing Britain's energy policy into doubt.

Cyclist Victoria Pendleton encouraged thousands of Britons to start pedalling when she won gold at the London Olympics in 2012.

Shares in Esure surged to a record high as traders cheered a bumper year for the business.

At last, BT and Ofcom have reached a deal for the telecoms giant to separate its Openreach division into a separate company – albeit one still owned by the parent BT group.

HSBCis understood to be lining up insurance industry veteran Mark Tucker to be its next chairman.

David Campbell's publishing venture all began above a sex shop in Soho.

Energy bills are set to rise again, with regulator Ofgem warning that soaring energy costs are expected to go up still further while annual Government-imposed green taxes will virtually double to £13.5 billion.

Aberdeen Asset Management and Standard Life will try to quell fears of a leadership fudge this week, setting out how its joint bosses will work together when the two groups merge.

The ailing Co-operative Bank has been ordered by the Bank of England to hasten plans to split up the £10 billion pension scheme it shares with its former parent the Co-operative Group.

Culture Secretary Karen Bradley is expected to refer 21st Century Fox's £11.7 billion bid to buy the 61 per cent of Sky it does not own to media regulator Ofcom on public interest grounds this week, despite a dispute with Fox over Rupert Murdoch's influence.

British food makers are facing a Brexit profits squeeze as the slumping pounds boosts their costs, according to global credit rating agency S&P.

French farce French Connection is braced for a ninth consecutive year of losses.

The FTSE 100 index closed 24 points up at 7,367.08 - a rise of 0.33 per cent.

Confidence among the management of the world's largest companies has reached its highest level since 2014 reversing a slide reported last year, new research has found.

Two more FTSE bosses have picked up bumper pay deals despite pledges of a crackdown on fat-cat deals.

Britain's original tech star is merging with a Canadian rival in a deal which will create a financial software giant.

BOSS QUESTForbidden Technologies, a cloud video-editing platform, is searching for a boss after its chief executive left last month.

Shares in Bovis Homes soared yesterday as a bidding war broke out for the housebuilder.

Lush claimed 80 staff had moved from its factory on the south coast to Germany because they were so upset after the Brexit vote.

Shares in life science firm Allied Minds tumbled as its co-founder resigned with immediate effect.

Emergency measures introduced by the Icelandic government to stop the economy from collapsing will be lifted today in a sign the country’s financial crisis is over.

The former professional footballer will pocket more than £1.5million a year when he becomes chairman ofHSBCin October.

Traders have cheered a £2.2billion takeover of troubled Amec Foster Wheeler – sending shares soaring 12 per cent.

BT looks set to sell its ailing international business as the telecoms firm launches a review under its newly appointed chairman.

Staff at failed tech firm Powa will be left out of pocket after administrators revealed there was no cash to pay them.

The pound has slipped by 1 per cent today as markets take fright at the prospect of Article 50 being triggered imminently, combined with a fresh threat to break up the United Kingdom.

Marks & Spencer has shut down almost all of its 10 stores in mainland China since the start of the year - less than ten years after entering the market - as it failed to reach Chinese shoppers.

Fashion chain French Connection has come under further pressure from investors today after posting its fifth consecutive year of annual losses.

Delivery company Ocado has warned that food price rises have become the new normal thanks to theBrexit-hit pound pushing up grocer's input costs.

Fifty fictional years after Mad Men's Don Draper pitched a daring ad campaign to Heinz bosses, it is finally appearing on billboards.

Controversial investment bank Macquarie has sold Thames Water after a decade in which it piled on debt, sucked out profits and paid virtually no tax.

Ocado is planning to sell upmarket groceries from Harvey Nichols.

Prudential has been forced to set aside £175million to repay customers who were mis-sold annuities in a scandal sweeping the pensions industry.

BUILDING SCHEMEChallenger bank OakNorth has lent £19million to developer Paul Godfrey for a six story apartment block in Kilburn, north-west London.

A change of leadership breathed life into struggling SIG.

Bank chiefs are secretly discussing how to strengthen trade ties between the US and UK after Brexit.

A row over the future of French Connection has intensified with investors calling for the fashion brand to be broken up.

London shares have entered a lull as the US Federal Reserve prepares to raise interest rates this evening followed by the Bank of England decision tomorrow.

An acceleration in new and used car sales drove shares in Marshall Motor Holdings forward.

LLOYDS SALETaxpayers now own less than 4 per cent of Lloyds after the Government sold more of its stake in the bailed-out bank.

The Bank of England held interest rates but signaled hikes could be just around the corner if inflation keeps creeping higher.

Sainsbury's has warned of cost pressures following the postBrexitvote fall in the pound, which has hit all British supermarkets hard.

The United States central bank did exactly what virtually all experts predicted last night and edged interest rates in the world's largest economy up a fraction in a typically cautious move.

London's leading stock market, the FTSE 100, closed at a new record high of 7,415.95 today, as investors piled in after the US twisted on interest rates but the Bank of England stuck again.

Billionaire Philip Day, who owns Edinburgh Woollen Mill, has emerged as the front runner to acquire struggling high street chain Jaeger.

Sainsbury’s relied onArgosto prop up a slide in sales as the first signs of price rises appeared on supermarket shelves.

Shamed Barclays boss Bob Diamond has made a sensational return to the City with a takeover bid for London’s oldest stockbroker.

There can be no surprise that 21st Century Fox’s £11.7bn bid for the 61 per cent of Sky it does not own faces big regulatory obstacles.

Profits rise The owner of former building society Kent Reliance has unveiled a 55 per cent rise in profits.

A billionaire chemicals tycoon is planning to buy one of Britain’s most important oil pipelines – putting the future of hundreds of jobs in doubt.

London shares finished the week marginally higher in a week dominated by interest rate talk after the Federal Reserve hiked but the Bank of England remained on hold.

Reservations at housebuilder Berkeley Group have fallen by 16 per cent since the end of June, with 'Brexituncertainty' and April's stamp duty hike taking their toll.

Two investment trusts have revealed plans to merge.

POLLUTER FINEDThames Water faces a record fine of more than £1million after polluting the Thames with 308,000 gallons of raw sewage, a judge has warned.

Sky-high property taxes and crippling red tape are a threat to London's status as a great open global City, according to one of Britain's biggest developers.

Fat-cat banker Michael Sherwood was paid more than £16million last year – his last as head of Goldman Sachs in London.

Shares in Panmure Gordon jumped more than 80 per cent after former Barclays boss Bob Diamond struck a deal to buy the historic City stockbroker.

Morrisons is to start offering takeaways that shoppers can have delivered to their home.

Burberry hopes to breathe life into its UK stores by making them even more luxurious as it fights back from a slump.

Computer software company Cerillion climbed as it announced a contract win.

The pound is set to plummet asBrexitnegotiations begin, amid fears of a lengthy stand-off between the UK and theEuropean Union, City bankers are warning this weekend.

Inflation will this week rise above the Bank of England's 2 per cent target for the first time in more than three years as sterling's collapse prompts a surge in prices.

He was famously turned down in the Dragons' Den, but former hairdresser Shaun Pulfrey continues to have the last laugh by raking in millions from his Tangle Teezer hairbrush.

Waitrose andTescoare leading the way in taking on more small British suppliers, according to a new report.

BP is expected to net £200 million if it sells its historic Forties pipeline in the North Sea to chemicals producer Ineos.

Clothing giant Next is poised to unveil its first annual profit fall for eight years after it was caught between a clothing market squeeze and a slump in sterling.

Britain will benefit from closer links to the United States and Asia following Brexit, City bosses believe.

London-listed shares closed the day flat overall as Prime Minister Theresa May confirmed Article 50 will be triggered on March 29.

A late surge saw the FTSE 100 close at a record high for the third day in a row.

Lloyds Bank has appointed an academic to spearhead an investigation into whether it should compensate customers who were victims of fraud committed by former HBOS staff.

Mary Berry has been brought in by baker Finsbury Food Group to release a range of cakes.

 Vodafone has struck an £18bn deal to merge its Indian operations with a local rival to become the country’s largest mobile operator.

Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management have sought to allay investor fears over their plans to have two chief executives following their £11bn merger.

Delegates fromParisare back inLondonto woo the City’s leading digital firms to France afterBrexit.

Uber's president has resigned amid claims of sexism and sexual harassment among management at the taxi app firm.

Foreign investment banks that have been doom-mongering about Brexit paid no corporation tax on billions of pounds in profit made in the City, the Mail can reveal.

Bosses of an engineering turnaround group are in line for bonuses of around £35m each in shares under a five-year incentive scheme coming to fruition.

The FTSE 100 index at the close was down 51.47 at 7378.34.

The pound has climbed on the currency exchanges after soaring consumer inflation made a rate rise from the Bank of England more probable in the coming months.

Manufacturing output in the United Kingdom has risen at its fastest rate for two years as the lower pound boosted demand abroad for British goods, according to a survey out today.

Mars is to start selling Maltesers in the US.

Small shopkeepers pay higher rates of property tax than retail giants such as Harrods and John Lewis, Money Mail can reveal.

CHAIR QUITSSainsbury's director Mary Harris is stepping down from the board after nine years.

The boss of ITV has seen his total pay-out trimmed by almost £500,000 after the television giant failed to hit profit targets.

The chief executive of Domino's Pizza has more than trebled his pay packet after pocketing £4.5mililon – about 5p for every pizza the firm made.

The Duchess of Cambridge and her sister Pippa Middleton have inspired a collection at online fashion retailer Koovs.

Investing in the Co-op Bank is considered more risky than even Italy's troubled financial stocks.

The FTSE 100 narrowly missed out on a fourth day of record highs, closing down 51.47 points at 7378.34, or 0.7 per cent.

In a major boost for the UK car industry, the Chinese car firm unveiling a £300million electric black cab factory in Coventry confirmed expansion plans today.

London shares slid this session, after fears about President Trump's ability to deliver on his campaign promises gripped the markets.

B&Q owner Kingfisher hailed an 'important year' as it revealed a significant 14.7 per cent hike in annual profits due to an overhaul of its DIY chain and heightened sales at Screwfix.

Shares in Redrow took a knock today despite the housebuilder reporting a 22 per cent rise in profits.

A German takeover of the London Stock Exchange will be rejected within days, sources claim.

Troubled housebuilder Bovis Homes has come under fire after handing its former boss a pay-off worth nearly £700,000.

SYSTEMS WARNINGA simpler system is needed for keeping finance firms safe from cyber attacks, senior Tory MP Andrew Tyrie has warned.

The future of thousands of British jobs has been thrown into doubt after an American chemicals giant launched a £19bn bid for the manufacturer of Polyfilla and Dulux.

The zombie insurer Phoenix Group saw its boss pocket £2.8million – despite it suffering a £128million loss.

Housebuilder Redrow said it was on track to notch up a 22 per cent rise in profits this year as it flexed its muscles in the battle to take control of troubled Bovis Homes.

B&Q owner Kingfisher leaned on Screwfix to pull up UK sales, as it warned over Brexit and the French presidential elections.

Businesses are using robots to slash costs in the face of rising prices, the Bank of England has said.

London shares ticked marginally higher, in a session dominated by retail and President Donald Trump's healthcare bill.

High street retailer Next suffered its first profit fall for eight years in 2016 and has warned that 2017 is set to be 'another tough year.'

Eddie Stobart must be the only firm in the world with a 25,000 strong fan club, and now its supporters have the chance to buy shares in the haulage company.

Bailed-out lender Royal Bank of Scotland is slashing 470 jobs and axing 158 branches as it battles back to health after nine years of losses.

Small move The City watchdog has appointed a new chairman for its small business panel.

Online gambling firm GVC Holdings lifted shareholders’ spirits along with the market as it announced a second special dividend for the year.

Housebuilder Crest Nicholson was rocked by a shareholder revolt as the backlash against boardroom excess began following a string of bumper pay deals.

Profits at Next fell for the first time in eight years as the retailer admitted it had got its wrong by filling shops with fast fashion trends rather than wardrobe essentials.

Don’t believe the name or the hype.

Asked what makes Ted Baker unique, the fashion retailer’s quirky boss Ray Kelvin, 61, replies: ‘Cheeky, fun, huggy...I’m a big hugger.’ Certainly sounds a friendly enough sort of fellow.

Germany's biggest lender is set to build a new headquarters in the City – underlining the finance world’s commitment toLondon.

Small lenders are ready to carve up the beleaguered Co-op Bank as doubts grow over its chances of finding a buyer.

Barclays is facing a fresh probe by the City watchdog over a £7.3bn fundraising drive which saved it from collapse during the economic crisis.

Shares closed broadly flat in London despite a slight sell-off in the US yesterday after the congressional vote on the repeal of Obama-care was delayed by 24 hours.

The South African company that owns the Virgin Active health clubs, clothing chain New Look and supermarket Iceland has ditched plans for a London stock market listing because of fears over Brexit.

The world’s largest independent energy trader said it is shifting more than 7million barrels of oil every day.

Thousands of major stores are shutting down in the United States – triggering fears of a wave of closures on this side of the Atlantic.

The weak pound helped catapult engineering giant Smiths Group towards the top of the FTSE 100.

 Millionaire banker Tidjane Thiam’s pay packets have stunned many in the normally unshockable City, turning him into a modern poster boy for corporate excess.

The boss of stricken publisher Pearson pocketed a 20 per cent pay rise last year, even as his firm plunged even further into the red.

BACKING BRITAINTourists are flocking to Britain to take advantage of the weaker pound, official figures suggest.

The Co-op Bank has sought to reassure markets it can find a buyer as speculation about its future reaches fever pitch.

Diamond sales rose to $80billion (£64billion) worldwide in 2016, the second-highest year on record, according to De Beers.

China split Financial services firm Old Mutual has sold a 25 per cent stake in its US fund management arm to China’s HNA for £357m, as part of its plan to split into four companies.

Footwear retailer Jones Bootmaker has been bought by private equity firm Endless in an £11m deal, saving around 840 jobs.

The boss of education publisher Pearson could lose out on hundreds of thousands of pounds in potential bonuses amid a growing backlash over executive pay.

The FTSE 100 closed down 44.69 points at 7,292.13 and markets in the US slid sharply this session in what could be a tough week for investors ahead of Article 50 being signed on Wednesday.

Polling and data company YouGov saw half-year revenues and profits climb as it benefited from the recent US election and growing demand for its consumer data services.

Persimmon faces a fresh backlash over an executive pay deal that could see the firm's top brass share a windfall of £630million.

Northern grocer Booths is venturing further afield – into Malaysia.

Hurricane Energy shares surged as it confirmed a major oil find off the Shetland Islands.

NO REGRETSLeave voters are showing no sign of 'Brexit regret', according to YouGov.

Babcock will take an £800million hit after terminating a major Government contract to decommission and manage 12 nuclear sites.

Global stock markets and the dollar tumbled as investors fretted over whether Donald Trump will be able to deliver the economic reforms he plans in the US.

Leading shareholders in have called on Tesco bosses to abandon a £3.7billion merger with wholesaler Booker.

London has kept its crown as the world's top financial centre in a big boost for Britain following the Brexit vote.

The Ibstock boss cashed in shares worth £7.7million last week.

Virgin Atlantic risks plummeting to a loss for the first time in four years this year as 'uncertainty' surrounding Britain's post-Brexitdeal and sterling's tumbling value take their toll.

London shares finished higher in the final session before Prime Minister Theresa May finally signs Article 50, triggering two years of exit negotiations.

Ladbrokes Coral saw profits rise 22 per cent to £263.3million last year, despite forking out hefty sums for a number of 'customer friendly' sports results at the end of the year.

The boss of UK insurance giant Aviva has seen his annual pay fall by 20 per cent in the last year, the group's latest annual report revealed.

Article 50 will officially be triggered this Wednesday, putting in jeopardy UK banks' access to the Single Market and potentially leaving many unable to properly service their global clients.

Heating and plumbing products supplier Wolseley has posted a 25 per cent rise in first-half profit and changed its name to the more American sounding Ferguson.

Wolseley was in the spotlight as it announced plans to change its name to Ferguson – ending 130 years of history.

The ousted boss of the investment firm has walked away with £1.2million for just three months' work.

Dulux maker Akzo Nobel has sought to quell shareholder unrest over its refusal to enter takeover talks with an American predator.

Mulberry is setting its sights on an expansion into Asia.

The boss of BAE Systems has pocketed a near 20 per cent pay rise as his eight-year tenure at the defence giant draws to a close.

Sir Philip Green has been forced to kick-start a search for a Topshop boss after his long-standing managing director announced she was leaving for the White Company, Mary Homer (pictured with Green), who has led Topshop for the past ten years, is leaving to take on the top post at the luxury lifestyle retailer, popular with the middle classes.

PENSION RELIEFPremier Foods has slashed its pension costs by £32million after a deal was struck with trustees.

Uber is extending its food delivery service across 40 more British towns and cities.

Redrow has abandoned plans to buy struggling rival Bovis.

The family behind the Ask, Garfunkel's and Prezzo restaurants is more than £10million poorer after shares in their latest venture fell nearly 40 per cent.

It has been a strangely subdued session for the markets given the enormity of Prime Minister Theresa May signing Article 50.

Tour operatorTUIhailed a good winter and a promising summer as British holidaymakers booked more cruise and long haul holidays as they continued to refrain from going to Turkey and North Africa because of terrorism threat.

TheEUhas blocked the proposed merger of Deutsche Boerse and the London Stock Exchange on the same day that the UK officially triggered Article 50.

Troubled video games retailerGame Digitalreported another slump in profits today, but said UK sales have improved since the end of January thanks to strong demand for the newly-released Nintendo Switch console.

Shares inJohnston Pressfell more than 11 per cent today as the owner of the i newspaper and the Scotsman slumped to a loss of more than £300million last year after a big write-off and tumbling print advertising revenues.

Thomson holidays owner Tui said customers are avoiding Turkey and north Africa as they switched to Greece, the Canaries and long-haul destinations.

A cash offer for healthcare provider Circle Holdings sent shares soaring.

 A Mayfair fashion designer who has dressed stars such as Princess Beatrice, Gillian Anderson and Rita Ora has gone bust.

Disgraced developer Bovis Homes last night revealed its former boss was paid more than £1m last year – as it was labelled the worst housebuilder in Britain in a major industry report.

The £10bn plan to build the UK’s biggest nuclear power project is in turmoil after a reactor supplier filed for bankruptcy.

A luxury fashion retailer founded by a husband and wife in a small Wimbledon boutique has reached sales of £204m.

16:40:The first day's trading since Article 50 was officially signed by Prime Minister Theresa May - triggering two years of Brexit negotiations - has been a non-event.

Food wholesaler Booker Group has revealed it enjoyed its best ever sales performance last year, ahead of a proposed £3.7billion takeover byTesco.

Lloyd's of London has confirmed it will create a subsidiary inBrusselsto maintain a presence in Europe once Britain divorces from the European Union.

Energy giantSSEhas warned it expects profits in its gas and electricity division to be lower than predicted, after losing thousands of customers to rival suppliers.

Settling back in his first-class train carriage as the Belgian countryside rolled past, Carsten Kengeter might have allowed himself a small smile of satisfaction.

Indian billionaire Anil Agarwal says he has no plans to push for a seat on Anglo American’s board despite plans to buy a £2bn stake.

 Heathrow’s foreign backers are investing another £650m in the airport.

 BP is helping set up a wood chip plant in Hull that will create around 30 jobs.

Budget chain EasyHotel has been left red-faced as it lost its battle with town planners after expanding a site without permission.

Former BP boss Tony Hayward and financier Nat Rothschild have lost millions of pounds as their venture in Iraqi Kurdistan failed to take off.

 The new boss of John Lewis wants to ‘reinvent’ the department store chain by stocking more of its own brands and enticing shoppers with new services.

Three BT employees raised the alarm about its £531m Italian fraud problems a year before the scandal was made public, it is claimed.

Wholesaler Booker put a brave face on its teetering merger with Tesco as it boasted of a sales boost.

A City investment banker has been fined more than £37,000 for boasting about deals on messaging service WhatsApp.

The FTSE 100 dropped at the open as the early arguments following the triggering of Brexit rumbled on and never really made back much ground on the last trading day of the week, and the quarter.

Online electricals retailer AO World has placed £50m of shares to fund expansion into Europe.

Royal London is changing its Irish business so it can still operate in the European Union after Brexit.

 Nigel Wilson has five very good reasons for helping women smash the glass ceiling at Britain’s biggest companies: his troop of daughters, now aged between 20 and 33.

Fashion chain H&M hopes to revive sales with a new upmarket clothing brand featuring Nordic designs and in-store cafes.

CANCER HOPESAstraZeneca has been granted full approval for its lung cancer drug.

Struggling Jaeger has been sold to a mystery buyer – leaving the fashion chain's private equity backers £62million out of pocket.

The battle to buy start-up bank Shawbrook intensified yesterday as its private equity suitors made a formal £842million bid.

DX Group is in talks to buy the distribution arm of John Menzies, prompting a backlash from shareholders.

Some £376.3million was wiped off the value of asset management group Investec yesterday as political uncertainty in South Africa sparked a flight from stocks with exposure to the region.

Two of the City's top earners are having their pay slashed as the backlash against fat-cat bonuses gains traction.

High street fashion retailer Jaeger is poised to be pushed into administration, putting 25 stores and almost 700 jobs at risk.

Virgin Money is expected to make a bid for the ailing Co-op Bank.

The pension deficit in Sir Philip Green’s fashion empire has swollen to almost £1bn.

Credit Suisse has sought to defend its damaged reputation after gold, jewellery and cash was seized from accounts in a series of international raids.

BP has agreed to sell its Forties Pipeline System business to chemicals company Ineos in a deal worth $250million (£199.9million).

A leading British technology firm saw its stock market value crash by more than 60 per cent today after it revealed Apple, its biggest customer, will stop using its products within two years.

Taxpayers now own less than 2 per cent of Lloyds Banking Group as the Government sold more of its stake in the bailed-out bank today.

CHOCS AWAYCard shop Clintons is launching its own premium chocolate, called Cocoa Paradise.

Micro Focus International stormed ahead after publishing the financial details of Hewlett Packard Enterprise, which it is about to buy.

Royal Bank of Scotland is facing a European Commission probe into Government proposals to spare the bank from being forced to sell off its Williams & Glyn branch network.

Online fashion retailer Asos has posted a jump in half-year profits, boosted by a significant surge in international sales following the collapse in sterling.

The pound has dominated for the second successive session after another poor PMI survey - this time in the construction sector.

OATH BROKENVerizon has announced it will rename Yahoo ‘Oath’ after it combines the tech firm with AOL, whose chief executive, Tim Armstrong, confirmed the decision on his Twitter account with the hashtag #TakeTheOath.

Tech firmSophos Groupupgraded its full-year profits forecast as rising fears about cyber security from companies boosted its prospects.

This session's services data provided welcome relief for investors after poor figures from the construction and manufacturing sectors earlier in the week.

Bovis Homes Group has appointed former Galliford Try boss Greg Fitzgerald as merger talks between the two housebuilders failed.

Royal Dutch Shell has announced a deal to sell its liquefied petroleum gas business in Hong Kong and Macau to DCC Energy for $150.3million as it continues its $30billion asset sales programme.

The pound has strengthened against the US dollar and euro as figures revealed the UK's services sector grew faster than expected last month.

Tescohas announced that eight more stores will cut back their 24-hour offering due to a lack of customers shopping through the night.

The US giant planning a swoop on Dulux owner Akzo Nobel claims to have rallied the support of almost every one of the firm’s biggest 20 shareholders PPG wants to clinch a £19.4bn bid for Akzo, prompting fresh fears over worker pensions and thousands of UK jobs.

As many as 3,000 jobs could be at risk asTescoembarks on its latest mission to cut costs by slashing the number of hours its stores are open.

 Troubled builder Bovis Homes has rejected a £1.1bn takeover bid from rival Galliford Try – and made its former boss the new chief executive.

Mining giant Rio Tinto is battling Australian authorities over a tax bill.

Luxury fashion house Ralph Lauren is shutting its flagship New York store as crisis continues to sweep the US High Street.

 Venture capital firm Allied Minds suffered its biggest one-day fall after it cut funding for seven of its subsidiaries.

London shares closed down, driven lower by the nervously anticipated meeting betweenPresident Donald TrumpandChina's Xi Jinping.

The fall in sterling and a reduction in pharmacy funding saw the owner of Boots post mixed results.

The Co-operative Group has fallen to a loss for the first time since 2013 after it was forced to write down the value of its stake in the Co-operative Bank to zero.

A bitter battle has broken out between a shamed Tory party donor and an Argentinian billionaire over control of key industries in the Falkland Islands.

Zombie lender Williams & Glyn will totter on for another six months – even though Royal Bank of Scotland has ditched plans to sell it.

Small suppliers could be more than £20m out of pocket following the collapse of Agent Provocateur.

Some of Britain's favourite spreads are being shunned and sold off by household products giant Unilever.

Deliveroo is serving up 1,000 new jobs at 30 new delivery-only kitchens across the UK.

Shares inMothercareare up 2.84 per cent to 117.5p this morning, after the baby and childcare retailer posted strong quarterly sales.

Celebrity ranges from Myleene Klass and Jools Oliver helped lift Mothercare in the UK.

Early last month Ton Buchner, the super-fit, dog-loving chief executive of the Dutch chemical group that owns Dulux was asked if he'd fancy a coffee with the boss of a rival firm from the US.

The boss of broker TP Icap trousered £3.4million last year – including a 50 per cent pay rise.

Consumer giant Unilever is selling its £6billion Flora and Stork spreads business in a major shake-up after a £115billion takeover bid from Kraft Heinz.

SALES JOYComputing parts seller Electrocomponents says it thinks profits for the full-year will beat expectations.

BP chief executive Bob Dudley had his pay cut by 40 per cent as the oil major seeks to stave off another shareholder revolt.

Education giant Pearson saw £370million knocked off its value after analysts slashed their rating for a firm which has posted five profit warnings in four years.

Shares inLondonfinished up 46.17 points at 7349.37 as the world assesses the implications of Donald Trump's military intervention inSyrialast night.

The FTSE 100 is trading only marginally below its March all-time high of 7,430, but it is at such times that caution is warranted.

Tescois likely to report a significant increase in full year profits next week according to analysts, but the supermarket faces growing shareholder scrutiny of its intended £3.7 billion takeover of wholesalerBooker.

Ocado saw £85million wiped off its value as the number of customers choosing to do their weekly food shop online continued to slow.

Rupert Murdoch's attempt to take full control of Sky has been cleared by the European watchdog.

CHALLENGE REJECTEDThe controversial sale of a fund for renewable energy projects to an Australian bank looks likely to go ahead after a last-ditch legal challenge failed.

Troubled Hornby is showing early signs of recovery after completing the first stage of its turnaround plan.

A Northern Irish polo-playing biochemist turned healthcare tycoon is the unlikely sponsor of today's Grand National.

Two former bosses of a failed spread betting firm have been fined for misleading investors, falsifying documents and misusing clients' money.

The victims of criminal HBOS bankers who wrecked small businesses for a profit are set to share £100million in compensation.

Jaeger could collapse into administration as soon as next week – endangering 700 jobs.

Top economic forecasters will tomorrow dramatically raise their predictions for UK growth, citing a boom in the global economy and rising trade for the brighter outlook.

David Dingle, chairman of cruise giant Carnival UK, has mixed views on the prospects for his industry afterBrexit.

The furniture company founded by the Queen’s nephew David Linley has hailed 2016 as an ‘extremely strong’ year that yielded record sales and a return to profit.

One of Britain’s oldest food firms has been put up for sale.

Phil Cameron, the theatre producer who turned his hand to airport lounges, is set to sell a stake in the business in a deal that could value it at £50 million.

Tesco will this week seek to draw a line under its accounting disaster claiming a dramatic improvement in its relationship with suppliers as well as a sharp upturn in profits.

Controversial businessman andLabour Partydonor Chai Patel has held talks over a possible bid to buy half of Bupa’s care home estate for up to £450 million.

The boss of troubled railway service Southern has pocketed almost £500,000 while presiding over a year dominated by strikes and commuter misery.

The march of robots will cost millions of men their jobs – but women are likely to get off more lightly, a report claims.

A top City regulator is under growing pressure to quit amid raging questions over a massive fraud on small businesses.

Two school friends behind craft beer titan Brew Dog will pocket up to £100m from a deal with a US private equity firm.

Surging demand for British-made luxury items has helped a furniture firm founded by the Queen’s nephew to post record sales.

Barclays boss Jes Staley faces having his pay slashed by more than £1million and a City watchdog inquiry after trying to unmask a whistleblower.

MPs have demanded an inquiry into allegations the Bank of England may have been involved in the rigging of the Libor interest rate during the 2008 financial crisis.

BHP Billitonsaw its shares climb nearly five per cent this morning after a major shareholder urged the group to carry out a restructuring.

London shares have barely moved this session, ahead of another jam packed week for data in the run up to the Easter holidays.

CHINA SALE Hong Kong billionaire Samuel Tak Lee has spent £500m on shares in London landlord Shaftesbury ahead of a possible takeover bid.

STRIKE PLANSWorkers at IT giant Fujitsu’s UK sites are going on strike for four days over pensions and jobs cuts.

One of the world's biggest miners has come under attack from a voracious New York hedge fund with a reputation for instigating changes at companies.

Kweichow Moutai may not be a household name in the UK, but it has crept above the maker of Guinness, Johnnie Walker and Smirnoff to become the world's most valuable alcoholic drinks company.

The chairman of ailing Hornby is under pressure to step down after investors accused him of overseeing the destruction of the toy maker's value.

Struggling fashion retailer Jaeger has collapsed into administration, putting nearly 700 jobs at risk.

A woman once hailed as 'the best banker in America' has been stripped of £54million over a crisis engulfing shamed Wells Fargo.

Public relations firm Bell Pottinger was targeted yesterday by anti-fracking campaigners Reclaim The Power, who were angry about the company's association with energy firm Cuadrilla.

Shares in London landlord Shaftesbury soared to a six-month high amid rumours a Hong Kong billionaire could be about to launch a takeover bid.

A challenger bank founded by millionaire Tory party donor and property magnate David Rowland has moved a step closer to trading after receiving the green light from financial regulators.

Recruitment firm Robert Walters has seen a significant rise in City hiring following a Brexit-linked slowdown after last year's referendum.

Toshiba has warned it is at risk of total collapse as it revealed soaring losses in an unaudited financial update.

Heathrow's boss outlined plans to makeBrexitBritain 'the best connected country on earth' after the airport saw cargo volumes soar.

Investment banks are scrambling to hire more staff in London thanks to a resurgence in the global economy, a headhunting firm has said.

More than £1.2billion was wiped off the value of a British tech firm in less than an hour yesterday over fears it would lose a key contract with Apple.

Strong activity among first-time buyers is matching the levels of mortgage borrowing by existing homeowners moving house - in a trend not seen for 20 years.

The FTSE 250 hit a record high yesterday, taking its gains since the lows it suffered in the immediate aftermath of last year's Brexit vote to nearly 30 per cent.

SHOE FITSTimpson said dry weather has meant shoes require fewer repairs.

The Esure boss pocketed £2.9million after overseeing the spin-off of the insurer’s price comparison website Go Compare.

Undeterred by the accounting scandal, public spats with major supplier Unilever over brands like Marmite and a checkered history of confusing promotions, shoppers appear to be heading back toTesco.

London shares finished in the the red on the penultimate trading day before the Easter holidays.

Panmure Gordon's chief executive Patric Johnson is to step down after the takeover of the 140-year-old stockbroker by a consortium including ex-Barclays boss Bob Diamond.

Holidays are supposed to be about balmy beaches, carefree days splashing in the pool and cocktails on warm summer evenings.

The boss of Tesco has insisted its £3.7billion merger with wholesaler Booker should go ahead, in the face of fierce opposition.

Five Give Up the Booze drove sales at WH Smith – helping it keep up with last year's success of adult colouring books.

Shares in Rolls-Royce sailed to their highest price for nearly two years after the firm secured a key deal to build control systems for two hybrid ferries.

The battle for the owner of Dulux intensified yesterday as the company clashed with one of its biggest shareholders.

The boss of troubled tool rental firmHSS Hireis to step down after eight years at the company and 19 months in the top post.

Royal Mailcould face industrial action after announcing it will shut its defined benefit pension scheme next year as it said it has become unaffordable.

London shares finished in negative territory in the final session before the Easter holidays.

Recruitment firm Hays has unveiled a slowdown in its UK and Ireland business as London trading remained tough during the third quarter.

It might have ‘silver’ in its name, but allArian Silverinvestors could talk about this week was another metal after the AIM-quoted firm took out an option to acquire three lithium exploration projects in Mexico.

The former boss of the Co-operative Group pocketed £2.4million last year, despite the company’s £132million loss.

Staff at troubled retailer Jaeger may not get paid for the period up to its collapse.

TAX PLEATaxes must be simplified to boost growth, theInternational Monetary Fundhas said.

Bosses at property investment company Capital and Regional saw their pay more than double last year.

Profits have jumped at two US investment banks after strong global growth and the markets cheered President Trump.

The pound swung wildly against the dollar yesterday after Donald Trump warned the greenback was 'too strong'.

Drax Group was dealt a bloody nose by investors after a third voted against its executive pay report.

The website of private equity outfit Rutland Partners boasts that what distinguishes it from others is 'the quality of the relationships we build'.

Stellar results from Hays rounded off a strong week for Britain's leading recruitment companies as they bounce back from a post-Brexit lull.

These days few self-respecting business people rise to the top of major corporations without that ultimate accolade, the Master of Business Administration (MBA).

Price dip Prices in the US fell in March for the first time in 13 months as declining costs for petrol and mobile phone services offset rising rents and food prices.

During Roman Polanski’s classic 1974 film noir Chinatown, Jack Nicholson turns to unscrupulous robber baron John Huston and asks: ‘Why are you doing this?

Cadbury has hailed a £75million investment at its Bournville factory as crucial to securing the future of the chocolate in its historic home.

A group of 110 former BHS workers are to share £1million compensation after a tribunal fight over their dismissal when the department chain collapsed.

Asian stocks were a sea of red yesterday as investors panicked over the threat of war with North Korea.

The controversial boss of Credit Suisse is taking a multi-million pound pay cut after public outcry over his sky-high wage bill.

Active fund management may be on the wane as investors and financial advisers increasingly look for low-cost index tracking funds.

Upmarket clothing retailer Hugo Boss said a tough retail market and theEU referendumresult contributed to a drop in UK profits last year.

Housebuilder Miller Group could be sold to the private equity owner of Pret a Manger.

New Debenhams boss Sergio Bucher has placed its 'Designers' ranges under review amid accusations that some are irrelevant.

Diamond magnate Beny Steinmetz is suing billionaire George Soros for £8bn over claims he orchestrated a defamation campaign to strip him of a West African iron ore deposit.

The boss of BT could be forced to hand back some of his pay as part of the fallout from its £531m Italian accounting scandal.

Cath Kidston stores have become a hub for international shoppers taking advantage of the fall in the pound since the referendum.

UK tech giant Micro Focus has raised the prospect of job losses once its £7bn deal to buy the software arm of HP Enterprise is complete.

A productivity boom should be at the heart of Government plans to make Britain the most competitive economy in the world, business leaders have demanded.

American predator PPG has launched a fresh attack on the maker of Dulux.

TOP GRADEQuality hallmark firm the British Standards Institution has revealed record sales of £401.8million – a rise of 21 per cent.

Cut-price make-up company Warpaint and city guide publisher Time Out helped London's junior stock market bolster its numbers as it shrugged off Brexit concerns.

Chinese-owned House of Fraser has reported pre-tax profits of two and a half times the level achieved the previous year, but warned trading remained volatile.

London stocks took a heavy hit this session after Prime Minister Theresa May called a snap General Election for June 8.

Emerging markets fund specialist Ashmore reported sluggish growth in the money that it manages today.

The Chinese owner of Weetabix has sold the breakfast cereal maker to US company Post Holdings for £1.4billion, it was announced today.

Burberry has told up to 200 staff that their jobs could be axed as it sells its perfume division to a US cosmetics group, the Mail can reveal.

FRAUD ARRESTIndian tycoon Vijay Mallya has been arrested in the UK over fraud allegations in his home country.

Weetabix has been sold to the Americans for £1.4billion after the British brand struggled to break the Chinese market.

Netflix is poised to hit 100m subscribers this weekend as it adds 55,000 customers a day.

The boss of Next has seen his total pay package plunge by more than half as profits fell for the first time in eight years.

Average pay for staff at Goldman Sachs soared by nearly a third to £76,001 as markets rallied in the first three months of the year.

Wine collectors are at risk from fraudsters, police warn.

Fears that China is producing too much steel sent the UK's miners into freefall, helping to push the FTSE 100 to its biggest drop since the Brexit vote.

Who would have thought it?

Tourists in London are snapping up Burberry's luxury goods at cheaper prices thanks to the Brexit fall in the pound, the company revealed today.

The FTSE 100 has given up all its 2017 gains, as London shares finished lower following yesterday's big fall on the day Prime Minister Theresa May called a snap election.

Primark owner Associated British Foods has reported a strong rise in half-year profits, boosted by the weak pound.

Dulux paint producer Akzo Nobel has beaten expectations with record profits and unveiled plans to revamp the business as it continues to fend off a takeover attempt from a US rival.

Supermarket giantTescohas approved a deal to sell its network of more than 200 in-store opticians to Vision Express.

LEWIS OFFJohn Lewis, founder of kitchen-maker John Lewis of Hungerford, has stepped down after an overhaul of its management.

Star money manager Neil Woodford has raised £553 million for his new Income Focus Fund.

The FTSE yesterday reversed its gains of 2017 as the strong pound continued to hurt companies which generate most of their earnings overseas.

London shares ended flat, with investors heading for safe haven assets ahead of the General Election on June 8.

Consumer goods giantUnileversaw sales rise more than expected in its first quarter as it hiked prices, although weaker demand in Europe and the US weighed on the figures.

Sky posted an 11 per cent drop in operating profits today as it announced a nwe partnership with US company HBO to produce 'world-class drama series' together.

Hedge fund giant Man Group shot up after reporting that the total funds it runs for investors grew 10 per cent in the first three months of 2017.

It has been a grim week for the FTSE 100 after Prime Minister Theresa May called a snap general election for June 8.

Consumer goods giantReckitt Benckiserhas warned of 'challenging' macroeconomic conditions after its first quarter sales fell flat because of weak growth on the continent and in Asia.

English wine maker Chapel Down is setting its sights on America after swinging back into the black.

TalkTalk shares shot up to their highest level in five months following communications regulator Ofcom's decision to make BT open up its telegraph poles and tunnels to rivals.

Taxpayers have finally clawed back the £20.3billion they pumped into Lloyds – eight years, six months and eight days since it was bailed out at the height of the financial crisis.

Almost a year ago to the day, silver-fringed Christine Lagarde strode imperiously into the Treasury to deliver her apocalyptic warnings on Britain's economic future.

Mike Ashley has made his first move into the US market after snapping up two outdoor store chains from a bankrupt US retailer for £78million.

BRITAIN BOOMSEconomic growth and inflation are on course to outstrip previous Bank of England forecasts, according to a senior policymaker at the central bank.

Online fashion storeBoohoois poised to reveal a profit surge this week as it confirms annual sales have leaped to almost £300million.

Holidaymakers face a summer of yo-yoing currencies as traders fret about Brexit and a possible Eurozone break-up.

Royal Bank of Scotlandis set to reveal a boost for Chancellor Philip Hammond by reporting a small quarterly profit this week.

Leisure giantWhitbreadis expected to report a rise in pre-tax profits at its full-year results on Tuesday, helped by the continuing growth in Costa Coffee and strong trading at budget hotel brand Premier Inn.

Nuclear engineers from the European Union should be allowed to come to work in the UK after Brexit, Energy Secretary Greg Clark said last week.

Bookmakers will be hundreds of millions of pounds better off after the decision to call a snap election as it has delayed a long-awaited review into stakes and prizes.

The American buyer of Chinese-owned Weetabix plans to use the takeover to help sell more of its own cereals in Britain, but has moved to calm fears that the buyout comes at the expense of UK jobs and business.

A year after its collapse into administration BHS is poised to cause fresh shocks to businesses as landlords brace themselves for a bill in excess of £100million and unsecured creditors are set to lose more than 90 per cent of their money.

Rupert Murdoch-owned 21st Century Fox’s plan to take over Sky faces high-powered political opposition after Ed Miliband, Sir Vince Cable and Lord Falconer wrote to the regulator urging it to block the deal following the sacking of Fox News star Bill O’Reilly after a sexual harassment scandal.

Britain's economy stuttered in the first quarter of the year, growing 0.4 per cent, figures are expected to show this week.

Pension plan Car maker Jaguar Land Rover is set to link thousands of workers’ pensions to career average pay rather than final salaries.

Markets across Europe rose steeply after the first round election in France last night showed centrist Emmanuel Macron in pole position to triumph in the polls.

Luxury shoe retailerJimmy Choohas put itself up for sale amid a 'strategic review' of the company by its board.

Markets have welcomed Emmanuel Macron's safe passage into the final run-off for the French presidency almost as enthusiastically as European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and Macron's own supporters.

The US predator trying to buy Dulux's owner has upped its offer by more than £3billion in a last-ditch attempt to force a takeover.

Greg Fitzgerald, who came out of retirement this month to take the top post at Bovis Homes, has bought more than £1.2million of shares in the building company.

Grant Thornton has been handed a £2.3million fine for misconduct relating to an AIM-listed fire engine firm.

The scandal-hit former boss of BP has quit his oil venture in Kurdistan following years of spiralling losses.

Whistleblower Nicholas Wilson, whose 13-year campaign against HSBC resulted in a multi-million-pound compensation payout to thousands of customers in January, is standing in the General Election.

Energy suppliers Centrica, which owns British Gas, and SSE were among the only losers in the FTSE yesterday as they were knocked by the Tories' pledge to cap domestic energy prices if they win in June's election.

DATA DEALShares in big data company WANdisco soared 20 per cent after it announced its biggest ever deal, worth £3.2million, with a multinational financial services firm.

We've dumped the frump!'

More than £38.1billion was added to Britain's blue chip stocks as the result of theFrenchelection sent markets soaring across the globe.

Costa Coffee and Premier Inn owner Whitbread saw annual profits come in lower than expected as competition intensified from the likes of artisan coffee shops and Airbnb.

FTSE 100 listed wealth management firmSt James's Placehas added £2billion of client money to its books in just three months.

London shares made minor gains this session after yesterday's euphoria surrounding Emmanuel Macron's victory in the first round of the French Presidential elections.

France's richest man is taking full control of Christian Dior in a deal worth £10billion.

American vultures are set to stage a hostile takeover of Dulux and abandon promises to save jobs after a £22.5billion bid was publicly rebuffed.

NUCLEAR STRIKEMore than 700 workers at the Atomic Weapons Establishment will go on strike for 24 hours on May 10 and May 18 – adding to two strikes already announced.

Losses have doubled at Amec Foster Wheeler as it prepares to be taken over by a bigger rival.

The Duke of Westminster's property firm has seen profits slump as stamp duty hikes caused a slowdown in the market.

More than £2.2million a day was piled on to Virgin Money credit cards in the last three months as the industry was accused of fuelling a debt binge.

Whitbread shares tumbled more than 7 per cent after warnings about the threat from artisan cafes and Airbnb.

The board of troubled Hornby has backed its chairman and is urging shareholders to vote against proposals that would force Roger Canham to step down.

The chief executive of troubled Yahoo could walk away with more than £170million – despite failing to turn around the internet pioneer.

The US stock market passed a new landmark last night spurred on by Donald Trump's promise to cut business taxes.

Scott Forbes took advantage of a recent spike in the property website's share price to sell £4.2million worth of shares.

Online fashion retailerBoohoo.comhas seen its annual pre-tax profits nearly double in the last year, with shoppers drawn to its 'aspirational designs' and affordable price tags.

When it launched in 2010, Metro Bank was the first high street lender to open its doors in the UK for 100 years.

Multinational bank Credit Suisse has announced a $4billion (£3.1billion) cash call as it seeks to shore-up its balance sheet and nip fears over its financial strength in the bud.

The so-called 'Macron trade' has run out of steam, while President Trump's rhetoric appears unable to move markets any longer.

 Brickmaker Ibstock was one of the day’s biggest losers after its largest shareholder sold their 25 per cent stake for more than £200 million.

MEAL DEALChicken king and Birmingham's first self-made billionaire Ranjit Boparan, who owns the 2 Sisters Food Group, has bought a 29.9 per cent stake in butcher Crawshaw for £5.1 million.

Divorce proceedings have led Frontier Developments chief operating officer David Walsh and his wife to offload nearly £2 million worth of shares, with more sales expected to come.

London and European shares have turned red after weary traders were left underwhelmed by President Donald Trump again.

Lloyds Banking Group reported a doubling of its profits in the first three months of the year, as the bank defied 'challenging' trading conditions and lingering uncertainty over Brexit.

FTSE 100 drug-makerAstraZenecahas reported a 13 per cent slide in first quarter sales as it continues to face the headwind of some of its most successful drugs coming out of patent protection.

One of Persimmon's institutional investors said it would vote against the housebuilder’s remuneration report at its general annual meeting today.

Around a quarter of shoppers at one of Britain's leading chains for older and plus-sized fashions are buying on store credit, bosses have revealed.

Sales are soaring at plane broker Air Partner thanks to booming demand for private jets and more customers snapping up its Oyster Card-type payments option.

Justin Hughes bought shares worth £163,000 in his recruitment firm just a month after he and wife Kerstin sold a £447,000 stake.

Eric Yip spent his childhood working in his parents' store at a shopping mall in a small New Jersey town.

RBS SETTLESThe Royal Bank of Scotland has settled with 87 per cent of shareholders over its disastrous £12billion fundraising drive in 2008.

Lloyds has been accused of squeezing customers to boost its profits.

City traders may be taking bets against the pound after getting their hands on leaked Government data, an investigation has found.

London shares edged 33.23 points lower to 7203.94 in a session dominated by bank results and UK GDP data.

Barclays has reported its first quarter profits have more than doubled compared with the same period last year.

Royal Bank of Scotland has swung back into the black, reporting its first quarterly profit since 2015.

Global private hospital provider Mediclinic was by far the FTSE's biggest winner, with a healthy £944million added to its value after Abu Dhabi's government scrapped a surcharge on treatment.

Royal Mail shares took a hit after it announced alternative proposals for its pension scheme following threats of strike action.

Investors have long relied on the British love of shopping to make buying shares in stable, growing, retail companies a safe bet.

Sales at Amazon have soared 23 per cent to almost £28billion in the first quarter, the online retail giant has revealed.

WHO IS IT?Vipera makes software for banks to provide mobile services to customers for things such as contactless payments, phone banking, digital wallets and loyalty card programmes.

MUSICAL CHAIRSIan Durant, chairman of Greggs and Capital & Counties Properties, has been appointed to the same role at DFS, replacing Richard Baker, who announced his departure in December after nearly seven years at the furniture firm.

Almost  £2billion was wiped off Barclays shares as chief executive Jes Staley fought to keep his job over a whistleblower scandal.

Sainsbury's  is introducing luxury cakes from the Patisserie Valerie chain and freshly made sushi at its stores to sharpen up its customer image.

Royal Bank of Scotland could finally start paying dividends next year – ending a ten-year wait for hard-pressed shareholders.

THE highest-paid man on the FTSE has taken home more than £48million – despite a £22million pay cut.

One of Europe’s biggest lingerie brands is planning a British invasion that could deal a blow to established retailers.

Controversial Chinese telecoms group Huawei Technologies saw turnover jump by a third in its UK division last year thanks to the continuing rollout of 4G wireless networks, fixed rural phone network connections and growing demand for smart TV products.

Morrisons is set to announce rising sales when it unveils its results this week, even as higher inflation is casting a shadow over leading supermarkets’ prospects.

Her scented lotions, potions and candles won Jo Malone fame and fortune, but the parfumier is facing a setback at her latest firm, which is again posting a loss.

Rupert Murdoch’s £11.7billion bid for Sky has suffered another blow after a US lawyer for women involved in a sexual harassment lawsuit against his business urged Ofcom to block the deal.

A court hearing to force former BHS owner Dominic Chappell’s family business into administration has been adjourned.

A string of solid results has pushed the FTSE 100 higher this session, with BP almost tripling its profits in the first three months of this year as the UK oil group benefited from higher crude prices.

Housbuilder Bovis announced it will take a £2.8million hit after two buyout bids earlier this year failed to result in a deal.

Just Eat saw sales almost double at the start of the year, but the rate of order growth was the lowest since it floated on the stock market in 2014.

BP has returned to profitable territory in the first quarter of the year, the oil giant revealed this morning.

Aberdeen Asset Management and Standard Life Investments have put aside £35 million to tie fund managers and key executives in with 'golden handcuffs' ahead of the merger of the two fund management heavyweights.

A blockbuster bladder cancer treatment from AstraZeneca has been given the green light – the first commercial win for the giant since losing its best-selling cholesterol medicine to cheaper generics.

Alitalia has filed for bankruptcy for the second time in a decade after workers at the Italian airline rejected wage cuts linked to a £1.7billion rescue.

The husband of incoming Plus 500 chairman Penelope Judd has bought a £100,000 stake in the spread-betting firm.

EARNINGS BOOSTMiner Tharisa expects to report a significant boost in earnings in its financial results due out later this month.

Troubled gold miner Avocet Mining was dealt another blow after its shares were suspended following an accounting gaffe.

BP profits have nearly tripled after massive cost cutting and a boost from the oil price.

The FTSE 100 closed down 15.52 points at 7234.53 after a string of high profile earnings failed to impress investors this session.

Supermarket giant Sainsbury's has reported a sizeable fall in profits and warned that the Brexit-hit pound could damage its prospects further in the year ahead.

The chairman ofJD Wetherspoonhas launched a broadside against the Confederation of British Industry over the lobby group's stance on Brexit.

Big wins for punters on the Grand National and the US Masters overshadowed a strong start to the year for bookmaker Paddy Power Betfair.

Cigarette maker Imperial Brands is to launch edible caffeine energy strips in a bid to woo younger customers.

Profits at Sainsbury's slid 8.2 per cent last year as food sales continued to fall – but its boss insisted he will power ahead with his turnaround plan.

SWEET DREAMSMattress company Eve Sleep is set to float on London's AIM market later this month to raise an estimated £35million.

Broadcaster ITV could fall into foreign hands after the boss credited for turning around its fortunes announced he would be stepping down after seven years in charge.

The UK's biggest technology company, Sage Group, jumped towards the top of the FTSE after revealing software subscriptions rose by nearly 50 per cent in the six months to the end of March.

Barclays UK chief executive Ashok Vaswani has made £1.4million after flogging 650,000 shares in the bank at 212p each.

Nearly £130million was wiped off the value of Galliford Try after the construction giant admitted it would cost more than expected to complete a number of projects.

London shares moved higher this session driven after French Presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron appeared to edge one step closer to the Elysee, following last night's debate with rival Marine Le Pen.

HSBC has reported a 19 per cent fall in profits for the first quarter after an accounting change hit the banking giant's books hard.

 Morrisonsrecorded another increase in sales in the 13 weeks to 30 April, the 'big four' supermarket reported today.

 Retail giantNexthas revealed its high street sales plunged by 8.1 per cent in its first quarter, and cut its profit outlook once again as it warned trading will remain tough.

Britain's accounting watchdog has opened an investigation into KPMG's checking of financial statements made by engine producerRolls-Royce.

A 55 per cent rise in oil prices in the first quarter of 2017 has helped Royal Dutch Shell more than double its earnings.

British chip-makerImagination Technologieshas launched a formal dispute today  against Apple just a month after the iPhone maker said it would scrap royalty and licence agreements that make up half of the UK firm's revenues.

London shares moved higher this session driven after French Presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron appeared to edge one step closer to the Elysee, following last night's debate with rival Marine Le Pen.

Restaurant Group slid down the FTSE 250 after a broker said the new menu at its Frankie & Benny’s chain of restaurants could slash profits.

 WAGES SHIFTSalaries have increased by more than 7 per cent in some parts of the UK in the past year, although they have fallen by more than 11 per cent in other locations, research by jobs site CV-Library reveals.

Marks & Spencer shares jumped 5 per cent this morning, as its second top-level hire of the week was revealed - with the signing up industry veteran Archie Norman to be its new chairman.

London shares were flat, subdued by a fresh slide in crude oil prices as Brent hit its lowest level since November.

Despite being hit with a revolt over boss John Fallon’s £1.5m pay, education firm Pearson was by far the FTSE’s biggest winner yesterday.

Some people are saddled with jobs so thankless they’re written off as impossible.

A turnaround king and former Tory MP has been appointed as chairman of Marks & Spencer.

Shares boost The chief executive of Rolls-Royce Warren East has been awarded £2.3m worth of shares for his troubles following the company’s AGM earlier this week.

The oil price has fallen nearly 20 per cent in less than four weeks on the back of a drilling boom in the United States.

Star fund manager Neil Woodford is about to mark three years since the launch of his Woodford Equity Income fund – the flagship investment he launched at his boutique firm.

The owner ofBritish Airwayshas posted record first quarter results, just eleven months after dishing out a profit warning.

Vultures pushing for the sale of the firm behind Dulux paint claims 6,400 jobs could be lost if it remains independent.

Shares inPearson, the education publisher which used to own The Financial Times, jumped over 14 per cent after it announced more cost cuts and changes to its portfolio.

Fast-growing fashion website In The Style has secured private equity backing to fund ambitious growth plans.

City investors believe that Ofcom is unlikely to block Rupert Murdoch’s bid to take full control of Sky, even after millions were paid to people who claimed sexual harassment at his firm, 21st Century Fox.

M&S Bank set aside £128million last year to repay customers mis-sold payment protection insurance – a sharp rise on the £83million of the previous year, accounts filed late last week have revealed.

The ‘kitten heel queen’ is believed to be heading back to help the business she sold nearly a decade ago for £70m.

Royal Bank of Scotland shareholders are being urged to vote against bosses’ potential bonuses as a pay backlash spreads across the FTSE giants.

Top stock-picker Warren Buffett has admitted he made a major mistake by passing up chances to invest in tech giants Google and Amazon when they were start-ups.

Petrochemicals giant Ineos has created two more billionaires after raking in record profits.

Dulux paint owner AkzoNobel has rejected a third takeover bid, worth £22.7 billion, from US chemicals giant PPG Industries.

Shares inGermanyand France have eased back after initial gains following Emmanuel Macron's victory in theFrench Presidential election.

Global stockmarkets have responded to Emmanuel Macron's strongly-expected win in theFrench presidential electionwith a collective shrug of the shoulders.

The battle for Dulux escalated after the vulture hedge fund lobbying to sell the paintmaker's owner to the Americans took its case to the Dutch courts.

Walkie-Talkie maker Sepura shot up nearly 40 per cent after the Government gave the green-light to its takeover by Chinese state-backed tech firm Hytera.

A fire sale of shares saw more than £500million wiped off Britain's biggest listed tech firm after it revealed a slump in sales at the software business it is buying for £7billion from US giant HP.

Stock markets in the United States set fresh records last night as Apple continued its march towards becoming a $1trillion company.

Online musical instrument store Gear4Music has reported record sales and profits as the weak pound made goods cheaper for overseas buyers.

John Lewis has set aside £36m after discovering that for six years it failed to pay staff enough.

TalkTalk shares plummeted 18 per cent at one point today after the broadband provider slashed it full-year dividend in half and issued a warning over its profits.

Nearly ten years on from the financial crisis US banks have put the calamity behind them, whereas lenders in the UK still have plenty of work to do, the evidence so far this year suggests.

Barratt Developmentshas hailed Britain's booming property market after securing the highest number of completions since the financial crisis and record forward sales.

The FTSE 100 closed up 43.03 points at 7385.24, as stocks hold up so far despite a mounting US political crisis.

Online takeaway ordering company Just Eat's takeover of rival Hungryhouse faces a full-blown investigation amid fears the deal could limit competition.

Commercial broadcasting juggernaut ITV suffered a dip in revenue at the start of the year as its outgoing chief executive signed off with a tough outlook for the industry.

Chinese families have taken Mickey Mouse to heart, with almost 10million visitors flocking to Disneyland's new Shanghai resort in under a year.

Sandwich chain Pret A Manger is preparing for a stock market listing in New York.

Tycoon Sir Charles Dunstone marked his return to TalkTalk by ripping up the strategy of former boss Dido Harding, slashing the full-year dividend and issuing a warning over profits.

EASTER BOOSTSoaring demand for Easter getaways boosted sales at National Express.

The American predator seeking to take over Dulux's owner Akzo Nobel has given the first hint that it could walk away from its bid.

Furious shareholders attacked Barclays boss Jes Staley at a stormy AGM for his efforts to unmask a whistleblower.

There was an eruption in the shares of metal specialists Vesuvius yesterday after it was lifted by a surge in steel production in the first three months of the year.

London shares have barely moved this session after the Bank of England released its ‘Super Thursday’ projections and voted to keep interest rates on hold.

BT is to cut 4,000 jobs over the next two years and slash its chief executive's pay package after a 'challenging' year marked by a run of bad news, including an accounting scandal in Italy.

The owner of faux-Japanese fashion brand Superdry reported a surge in revenues helped by the translation of overseas sales into sterling, although its gross margins are being squeezed by the pound’s weakness.

A bonus scheme for bosses at struggling Royal Bank of Scotland has been slashed as furious shareholders hit out after nearly a decade of losses.

The owner of the US media giant Liberty has dropped his biggest hint so far that he would like to buy ITV – if it wasn’t so expensive.

BT will cut 4,000 jobs and slash £4m from boss Gavin Patterson’s pay in a battle to clean up its act in the wake of a £530m accounting scandal.

Porta loss Marketing and communications group Porta has posted a 9 per cent jump in revenues to £37.1m in the year to December 31.

The 26-year-old boss ofSnapchatlost more than £18m a minute after the photo-messaging firm plunged into the red.

FTSE giant GlaxoSmithKline has been given breathing room after a US regulator blocked a rival bid to make a cheaper copy of its bestselling asthma drug.

The value of gas storage firm Infrastrata fell yesterday after it said it may have to hold a shareholder meeting to vote on whether to axe its entire board of directors.

Royal Bank of Scotland’s courtly chairman Sir Howard Davies was man under siege at its bad-tempered AGM yesterday.

London shares have pushed higher and seen their third successive week of gains, with rising oil prices helping underpin positive investor sentiment.

Entertainment One has revealed that it will take a £47million hit to profits as part of a overhaul of its film and distribution businesses.

Shares inAstraZenecaleapt after it revealed its ground-breaking cancer drug had been shown to reduce the risk of death in patients with advanced lung cancer.

MARKETING DEALDigital voucher firm Eagle Eye has won a three-year contract with John Lewis for an undisclosed sum.

Britain's blue-chip stocks closed at a record high last night as the FTSE 100 climbed 0.7 per cent, or 48.8, to 7435.4, securing its third running week of gains.

Star fund manager Neil Woodford is famous for never betting on banks.

The Co-operative Bank could announce a rescue plan within days, allowing it to meet demands from the Bank of England that it raises £750 million in new capital.

Thomson holidays owner TUI Group was the biggest faller in the FTSE 100 this morning, with shares down more than 5 per cent, as it posted widening losses in its last quarter.

Shares in North Sea focusedPremier Oilrose this morning after it reported a production increase since the start of the year and said it expects it to beat guidance for the full year.

Three friends who wanted to invent a bouncier mattress for sex have launched their start-up on to the stock market in a £140million flotation.

Banking giants are scrambling to keep track of messages on WhatsApp as concerns grow it could make insider trading easier.

The French maker of TV hits such as Versailles and Spiral is ploughing £42million into developing drama in the UK thanks to the fall in the pound.

ETHICAL SWITCHInvestor BMO Asset Management is ditching £20million of shares in fossil fuel firms due to their environmental impact following pressure from the Archbishop of Canterbury, who is president of its responsible investment council.

 Stock markets hit record highs last night as rising oil and metal prices offset worries about another global cyber attack.

It has been a stellar few years for posh tonic maker Fever-Tree.

Alison Brittain, boss of Costa Coffee-owner Whitbread, took home £2.5m last year.

Thomson Holidays owner Tui said Britons were still opting for holidays abroad despite prices going up.

Shares in cyber security groups soared yesterday as investors bet on a surge in spending by governments and businesses desperate to protect themselves from hacking attacks.

Britain's big businesses saw revenues rise collectively in the first three months of the year for the first time since 2013, according to a new report.

Mr Kipling cakes maker Premier Foodshas unveiled a new plan to focus on cash generation and cost efficiencies after it reported a slump in annual sales.

The FTSE 100 surged to a new record above 7,500 today, driven higher by an oil price surge, a jump in the inflation rate and expectations of a Conservative victory in the election.

 Budget airline Easyjet has notched up significant half-year losses after being hit by the fall in the value of the pound and this year's late Easter.

Vodafone has slumped to annual losses of £5.2 billion, in large part due to a big fall in the value of its India business.

The FTSE 100 broke through the 7,500 level for the first time ever today, as markets shrugged off UK inflation that proved higher than had been forecast.

BRUSSELS RAIDCity officials have hit out at European efforts to snatch away London's lucrative euro clearing business.

Virgin Money's boss has sold £2.1million of stock to fulfil a family promise.

The family business belonging to the former owner of BHS has been placed into liquidation after a failed High Court challenge to block the move.

Crest Nicholson said the housing market remains 'robust' as it revealed that the average price of its homes has risen 12 per cent to more than £400,000.

Taxpayers have finally sold their stake in Lloyds – nine years after rescuing the bank at the height of the financial crisis.

Easyjet is powering ahead with its expansion plan by buying bigger planes and recruiting 450 pilots.

Investment house Hargreaves Lansdown saw £583million wiped off its value yesterday as shareholders worried it could lose large swathes of customers to lower-cost rivals.

US vultures have attacked mining giant BHP Billiton by demanding a sale of its oil business.

Britain's nuclear power strategy has been thrown into chaos after National Grid pulled the plug on its role in plans to build a £10billion plant in Cumbria.

Lloyds Banking Group confirmed this morning it has been fully returned to private hands nearly nine years after the Government bailed it out at the height of the financial crisis.

London shares fell into the red this session after oil prices came off their recent highs, while traders have also been spooked by the revelation that President Trump urged former FBI head James Comey to end his investigation into Michael Flynn.

Foxtons, whose Minis used to shoot around London at the height of the property boom,  has reported a steep slump in first quarter revenues and sales commissions.

Daily Mail and General Trust has led a funding round that saw hybrid estate agent YOPA raise £15million.

Pensions giant Prudential is facing a backlash on sky-high pay and lucrative bonuses which could see top staff pocket ten times their base salary.

With its vast scale, Apple’s new £4bn headquarters is the building that the firm’s late founder Steve Jobs tipped to be the best office in the world.

The boss of Patisserie Valerie has hit out atLabour’s tax-raising manifesto, saying it would be bad for business.

The owner of Harvester, Nicholson’s and All Bar One said the rising minimum wage and fall in the pound have caused profits to slip.

Cyber security firm Sophos shot to the top of the FTSE 250 after posting an upbeat set of results in the wake of the WannaCry virus chaos.

Ralph Lauren has found a new chief executive after its previous boss made a shock departure following a row with its 77-year-old founder.

Royal Mailhas reported rising full year profits, but warned that increasing levels of business uncertainty pose a risk to future prospects.

Profits at British fashion firmBurberryhave plunged by a fifth after weak wholesale trading in the US.

 Furious Lloyds shareholders have attacked the bank for gloating over its return to private ownership while they still nurse huge losses following its near-collapse.

The FTSE 100 has closed down 67.05 points at 7436.42 while the pound moved above $1.30 against the dollar as the US political crisis continued to dampen investor confidence.

Estate agents Foxtons has suffered a 25 per cent revenue slump as house prices fell inLondon.

BT faces another fine after customers waited more than six months for high-speed internet services to be installed.

Mining giant Glencore has teamed up with US private equity investor Carlyle Group to buy Morocco’s only oil refinery.

A financier who stole £31m worth of trading secrets is begging to be deported – fuelling fears he wants to cash in on his knowledge in China.

Despite revealing its first UK profit for six years,Mothercarehas warned over further store closures across the UK as it continues its third year of turnaround efforts.

The pound has risen above $1.30 against the dollar for the first time since September after retail sales soared by 2.3 per cent in April.

Smart home device maker LightwaveRF jumped nearly 50 per cent after partnering withGoogleon the tech giant’s recently launched voice control technology.

Film adaptations of bestselling novels have rekindled Britain’s love of books and boosted sales, claims publisher Bloomsbury.

Lightweight trench coats and new handbags helped Burberry’s turnaround gain momentum, although the luxury fashion brand still reported a decline in profits.

 Vulture hedge fund Elliott Management is seeking to strip hundreds of millions from the carcass of Lehman Brothers in a legal battle over its debts.

Theresa May has pledged to abolish the Serious Fraud Office (SFO) as she seeks to overhaul how white collar crime is tackled in Britain.

Greeceis the standout destination for British holidaymakers this summer, said Thomas Cook.

The FTSE 100 closed up 34.29 points at 7470.71, rebounding after yesterday's sharp sell off as oil prices rose to one-month highs.

Brewing group Marston’s has announced plans to buy rival Charles Wells for £55m as it celebrated a 61 per cent rise in profits.

British linen provider Berendsen may soon fall into French hands after fending off a hostile takeover bid.

The pound pushed past $1.30 for the first time in eight months yesterday amid renewed faith in the UK economy and fears aboutDonald Trump’s leadership of the US.

 The boss of Lloyds has celebrated its return to private hands by buying £36,000 of shares.

National Grid has announced a 14 per cent rise in operating profit.

Smash hits such as La La Land and Beauty And The Beast helped revenues soar at Cineworld.

The owner of British Airways has hit out at Heathrow Airport over its plans to nearly double the number of UK destinations it will offer after expansion.

The battle for Dulux will reach a crescendo this week as Dutch courts decide whether to allow US vultures to take steps to oust the paintmaker’s chairman.

A team of salvage experts hoping to recover billions of pounds worth of gold from deep-sea shipwrecks are looking for investors to back their treasure hunt.

A Yorkshire fracking firm has reportedly drawn up plans for a £500m stock market float to help fund a huge gas project.

The FTSE 100 closed up 25.63 points at 7496.34 after crude oil prices rallied from five-months lows.

Royal Bank of Scotland has made a last-minute bid to reach a settlement with a group of its shareholders over claims they were misled by the bank in the run-up to a 2008 share issue, according reports.

TAX DEAL Formula 1 owner Liberty Media reportedly paid just £6.9m in tax last year despite having underlying profits of £350m and turnover of £1.4bn.

Ford Motor Company is replacing its chief executive Mark Fields as part of a shake-up as the company's shares hover near a 52-week low of $10.87.

The Hertfordshire home of the boss behind London’s newest tech darling is at the centre of a £21.1m legal dispute.

 The fraud squad has opened an investigation after more than 1,000 investors lost millions in an alleged pension fraud.

Shoppers are facing a spike in olive oil prices after crops were hit by droughts in the Mediterranean.

The bosses of some of Britain’s biggest firms have made £5.2m by snapping up stock in their own companies as markets reeled after the Brexit vote.

The FTSE 100 flirted with record highs yesterday, buoyed by a retreat in the pound and a series of uplifting broker notes.

The boss of Ford has resigned as the car maker falls behind upstart rival Tesla in the race to sell driverless vehicles.

A hedge fund yesterday asked judges to allow it to take steps to oust the chairman of Dulux’s owner.

Warming Saudi-US ties are likely to cause concern in London as the battle heats up for Saudi oil giant Aramco.

Traders should splash out on British stock as the threat of a Brexit recession fades, Barclays analysts have said.

 Barclays has tightened its online security after the bank’s boss was caught out by a fake email he thought was from his chairman.

Pumping has started in a revamped North Sea oil field that could soon be churning out 130,000 barrels of crude per day.

Nationwide Building Society has reported a dip in annual profits as it feels the impact of record-low interest rates and increased competition in the mortgage market.

Marks & Spencer is poised to report a fresh slump in clothes sales tomorrow after a short-lived Christmas boost.

Utilities giant Severn Trent has reported a rise in profits for the year to the end of March, thanks in part to investment made in its infrastructure.

Emergency repairs firm Homeserve hit an all-time high yesterday after beating expectations with a 24 per cent surge in revenues for the year ended March 31.

A £2.2billion oil takeover will hand bankers a £68million windfall – while putting 4,000 jobs at risk in the North Sea.

Fat-cat bosses could be falling out of love with private jets as manufacturers report sluggish sales.

FOURTH BIDMichael McGarry, the boss of US predator PPG which is trying to take over Dulux's owner Akzo Nobel, said he remains interested in negotiating a 'consensual' deal – despite having three takeover bids rebuffed.

Britain's biggest building society is making more than £50million a year from leasehold properties – despite attacking housebuilders who sell them.

Changes to stamp duty caused sales and profits to drop for Topps Tiles.

Families are falling out of love with the Sunday roast as they shun hours spent slaving over the stove, says Britain's biggest pork producer.

The maker of Peppa Pig is planning new TV shows with Hollywood A-Listers to help double its business by 2020.

 The tough talking regulator who pledged to clean up the City has switched sides to work for a Hong Kong hedge fund – despite once ordering a crackdown on short-selling.

London shares had regained their composure by lunch after a string of blue chips released results, including Marks & Spencer.

RetailerMarks & Spencerhas seen annual profits tumble by nearly two thirds and revealed sales across its under-pressure clothing arm have plunged into reverse.

Tycoon Jim Ratcliffe yesterday snapped up around £800m of oil and gas assets in the North Sea in his latest bid to turn his firm into a global force.

The £2bn takeover of two North Sea oil firms has been dragged into a major corruption probe just 24 hours after details of its deal were unveiled.

Dixons Carphone is ramping up its same-day mobile phone repair service to keep customers coming back to stores.

 The UK’s largest defence company hit an all-time high yesterday after Donald Trump pledged to increase US army spending by around £42bn next year.

More than 1.7m homebuyers visit Zoopla, uSwitch and Prime Location each day, its owner has claimed.

Slashing jobs and closing stores sent profits at Marks & Spencer tumbling by 64 per cent last year as it feels the heat from a dramatic turnaround.

Strong sales of the DB11 sports car helped Aston Martin roar to a record start to the year.

Thrifty customers are ditching diamonds for cheaper jewellery – sparking a surprise sales slump at high-end retailer Tiffany & Co. A fall in the number of couples who get married has dented the popularity of engagement rings.

The owner of British Airways has attacked Heathrow’s plan to build a third runway across the M25, saying it would add £3bn to an ‘over-inflated’ bill.

Markets opened flat as investors awaited news from today’s OPEC meeting in Vienna.

There was a sulphurous whiff of Gordon Gekko when Wiktor Sliwinski, an executive at Elliott Advisors – one of the world’s most ruthless hedge funds – took the floor at last month’s shareholder meeting of Dulux paint-maker Akzo Nobel.

A pharmaceutical company which focuses on making cancer-fighting drugs was forced to suspend its shares from trading after it was put into administration by Liverpool City Council.

The Footsie hit a record high and the pound sunk after a couple of opinion polls on voting intentions for theUK general electionon 8 June gave theConservativesa surprisingly narrow lead over recent days.

ITALIAN DREAMAsian-themed chain Wagamama is opening its first restaurant in Italy, in partnership with W Italia Srl.

Frankie & Benny's and Garfunkel's owner The Restaurant Group saw its shares shoot up nearly 10 per cent today despite posting falling sales.

It was a rollercoaster week for one of AIM’s biggest stocks,Fever-Tree Drinks.

GOOD SHOWEvent management company Informa said it is on track to deliver its fourth consecutive year of growth thanks to strong trading in its global exhibitions business.

The bosses of a financial software firm have made millions after it launched onto the London stock market in the biggest flotation this year.

Lawyers and claims companies are circling the car finance industry as fears grow of a misselling scandal.

Wellesley has reported a surge in late repayments as investors shunned the company and its finance chief quit.

Sainsbury's is employing a team of fashion experts to scour the streets of Japan and the thrift stores of New York to spot the next trends.

The FTSE 100 reached a new all-time high prompted by a sterling sell-off.

The scandal-hit security firm which nearly ruined the London Olympics is heading back to the FTSE 100 after a surge in its share price.

The pound could crash to $1.20 if Labour wins the general election, traders have warned.

 Major companies are scrambling to plug the black holes in their pension schemes ahead of a shake-up expected after the election.

The billionaire retailer who saved High Street fashion brand Jaeger has opened his first department store.

A small cut-price private jet is causing a stir among the globe's fat cats who have flooded the manufacturer with orders.

London-listed shares in the Spanish parent company ofBritish Airwayssank almost 3 per cent today to 591p following its IT failure.

CO-OP DEALThe ailing Co-op Bank wants to strike a deal within a fortnight to shore up its balance sheet amid fears that depositors will face huge losses if it is wound up.

The boss of property developer British Land has picked up £78,830 worth of shares in the firm.

The American giant demanding takeover talks with the owners of Dulux could be poised to make a hostile bid after suffering a critical court defeat last night.

One of Britain's fastest-growing fashion chains is raking in hundreds of millions of pounds by encouraging customers to pay on credit deals which have interest rates of almost 60 per cent.

British fashion label Jack Wills is opening shops in Europe to offset the impact of a fall in the pound.

The FTSE 100 dipped 0.6% to 7502 at the opening bell on Tuesday as markets got up and running after the long weekend.

An investigation has been launched into the £3.7billion mega-merger of Tesco and Booker amid fears it will harm competition and customer choice.

The computer meltdown that marooned thousands ofBritish Airwayspassengers has given budget rival Ryanair a boost.

Celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay's restaurant empire has reported its first profit since 2012 thanks to opening new eateries overseas.

Ireland's second-largest bank is to float on the London Stock Exchange in one of the City's biggest listings for two decades.

Shares in online retail giant Amazon have climbed above the $1,000 mark for the first time.

Shares in big data firm Fusionex International crashed to an all-time low yesterday after a row broke out over plans to remove the company from the UK stock market.

A European banking giant is at the centre of a storm brewing over US car finance debt which it is feared could crash the global economy.

The London Stock Exchange has beaten US rivals to snap up an international bond business for £535million – making it by far the world's biggest provider of indices data.

NEW CHIEFInventions business Allied Minds has appointed Jill Smith as permanent chief executive.

The FTSE 100 opened higher on Wednesday, with the pound slipping once again as election nervousness took hold.

London focused housebuilder Telford Homes has delivered record annual profits as it shrugged off Brexit doubts and climbing tax.

London shares pushed higher despite election jitters gripping investors after a latest poll revealed the Tory lead was just three points.

Craft beer producer BrewDog has revealed it booked an annual turnover of £72million in 2016.

Lloyds Banking Group has completed a £1.9billion acquisition of consumer credit card business MBNA after regulators gave it the green light.

British Airways’ muntjac-in-the-headlights boss Alex Cruz, whose job is said to be safe following the airline’s recent IT meltdown, is a big proponent of online networking site LinkedIn.

British Steel is back in the black 12 months after it was rescued for £1.

The boss of Dulux last night issued a vote of confidence in Britain after the paint maker finally fought off a takeover from an American predator.

A stronger than expected set of results couldn’t stop bus and rail operator FirstGroup from suffering its worst day in a year yesterday.

Lloyds swoops Banking giant Lloyds has completed its acquisition of consumer credit card business MBNA from Bank of America after regulators backed the £1.9bn deal.

Velvet slippers that cost £3,500 and trainers at £595 helped Jimmy Choo’s men’s collection remain its ‘star performer’.

The departure of Antonio Horta-Osorio’s vastly remunerated chief spin doctor Matt Young leaves the newsworthy Lloyds chief without a spokesman.

 The billionaire owners of bargain brand B&M are selling more than £460m of shares in the chain.

Challenger lender Metro Bank has boosted its mortgage book by acquiring a package of UK buy-to-let loans from American private equity firm Cerberus.

The German owner of medical gas maker BOC is merging with a US rival to create a £56billion global industrial gases giant mostly run from the UK.

English sparkling wine is now Britain's fourth favourite fizz.

A gold miner accused of lying to the Tanzanian government enjoyed a lift yesterday after it said it was 'hopeful' of getting an export ban lifted.

The largest supplier of gaming laptops to Britain is hoping to cash in on a craze for competitive eSports tournaments.

Oil prices fell yesterday after Donald Trump dragged America out of a global agreement to combat climate change.

The fat cat gravy train has delivered a £6million pay day to the boss of Vodafone – in a year when the telecoms firm had to pay a £4.6million fine.

METRO SWOOPSMetro swoops Lending upstart Metro Bank has splashed out almost £600million on acquiring a package of UK mortgages from investment firm Cerberus, picking up a portfolio that consists of 92 per cent buy-to-let mortgages.

Profits at billionaire Sir Philip Green’s fashion empire have fallen as the Topshop to Dorothy Perkins group battles tough high street trading and a fashion market squeeze.

A team of high-level investors including Harold Tillman – former owner of Jaeger – has swooped to rescue one of Britain’s biggest fashion groups.

Online fashion groupBoohoo.comis set to grow by 50 per cent this year, putting it on target to hit turnover of £1billion by 2020.

WEB DEALOnline supermarket Ocado has signed a deal with a mystery European retailer to provide software and support as it sets up a delivery service.

Topshop boss Sir Philip Green is turning to management consultants as profits at his fashion empire fall.

Tesco's £3.7billion takeover of wholesaler Booker is facing fresh opposition from the supermarket's major investors.

The highest-paid man on the FTSE is facing another investor revolt over his multi-million-pound package.

Self-driving trucks could be used to collect household rubbish under plans being developed in Sweden.

Shares in online supermarket Ocado shot up at the open after it finally announced a long-awaited deal with a European retailer to provide software and support for the company's new online delivery service.

London shares were muted as investors digested last week's US jobs report and yet another terror attack in London in the run up to theelection.

Accountancy giant PwC won't face any further action over its handling ofTesco's finances during the supermarket's accounting scandal as the industry watchdog has dropped the investigation it initiated two and a half years ago.

Supermarket Iceland said luxury products and new store formats, as well as an advertising campaign presenting frozen food as a healthy choice, have paid off as it posted rising annual sales and profits.

Oil prices tumbled on fears a furious political row in the Middle East over Qatar's alleged support of Iran and Islamist terrorists will disrupt efforts to cut production.

Banking scion Nat Rothschild is following former BP boss Tony Hayward out of the oil company they co-founded – leaving him nursing a £170million loss.

TWO POSTSNew lender Redwood Bank has appointed David Buckley from investment firm CIBC World Markets, as chairman, and former senior HSBC financier Nigel Boothroyd as non-executive director, as it prepares to launch later this year.

Let’s step back.

Embattled British Airways has commissioned an independent investigation into its IT fiasco that left thousands stranded over the bank holiday weekend.

The Russian and Turkish arm of Domino's is floating in London – letting investors cash in on what could be a soaring share price in the pizza firm.

Britain's economy has picked up pace after a slow start to the year despite worries about the general election, the latest figures show.

Shares in the owner of Google smashed through $1,000 last night a week after Amazon reached the same milestone.

Saturday’sterrorist attackinLondonsent shockwaves through the tourism sector yesterday, leading cautious investors to pull money from airline, hotel, and leisure companies.

Ocado is facing a backlash from shareholders over its failure to secure a blockbuster expansion deal.

The election dominates the session after a latest poll showed British Prime Minister Theresa May's lead over the Labour Party had narrowed to just 1 percentage point.

British challenger bank Shawbrook has rejected a 'final' £868 million ($1.12 billion) offer from private equity suitors trying to take control of the lender.

British electrical appliances retailerAO Worldreported a significant slowdown in its UK business as it was hurt by 'challenging' trading conditions since the Brexit vote.

Wound-dressing maker ConvaTec Group sank towards the bottom of the FTSE yesterday after two key investors sold off more than £800million worth of shares.

Sales in New Look tumbled almost 7 per cent last year as it became the latest high street name to lose out to online rivals.

The boss of Burberry will pocket £14million over the next month as he reaps the benefits of a share deal struck four years ago.

Nervous investors are braced for a potentially explosive 24 hours that could send financial markets around the world into a tailspin.

Thousands of small businesses are struggling with sky-high tax bills as they wait for the Government's relief package to be doled out.

Hedge fund Crystal Amber has put aside a £100million fighting fund in a bid to overhaul Ocado.

EURO HOPESSentiment among investors in the eurozone has reached its highest level in nearly a decade in a sign the region is finally recovering from the financial crisis.

Troubled Genel Energy has been hit by a major shareholder rebellion.

Two brothers have sold nearly £36million of shares in the housebuilding company set up by their father six decades ago.

Chelsea boots and floral flip flops have driven sales at British brand Joules, which said profits would be ahead of expectations.

Shares in AO World tumbled almost 11 per cent yesterday after its UK business was hurt by rising prices and a turbulent housing market.

Discount footwear retailerShoe Zonehas seen half year profits fall by 84 per cent after theBrexit-hit pound sent its buying costs soaring and sales fell amid a store overhaul.

FTSE 100 miner Anglo American has appointed Stuart Chambers as its new chairman ahead of the departure of Sir John Parker, who announced in February his intention to step down after eight years.

A courtroom battle between Royal Bank of Scotland and disgruntled investors was abandoned yesterday – allowing disgraced ex-boss Fred 'the shred' Goodwin to avoid giving evidence.

The footwear outlet Clarks has a new chief financial officer – after a two-year search.

Shares in online fashion upstartBoohoojumped more than 9 per cent today as investors saw an opportunity for rapid growth in the firm's £50million share placement to fund a new mega-warehouse.

Australia has notched up yet another quarter of economic growth – meaning it has avoided recession for the last 26 years.

NEW DIRECTORUranium miner Berkeley Energia has appointed former Rio Tinto executive Nigel Jones as a non-executive director.

Packaging firm RPC Group suffered its worst day in four years after a stellar set of results failed to convince investors of the company's health.

Britain's biggest grocer faces a shareholder backlash over £142,000 it paid to relocate its chief executive just half an hour down the road.

Car selling and advice company Auto Trader Group revved up its profit-making last year, despite increased economic uncertainty and a dip in consumer confidence.

Budget airline Flybe reported losses of almost £20million after it expanded at a time when demand waned and was weighed down by the cost of upgrading its IT system.

Shares edged down slightly today and the pound remained steady, as Britain went to the polls.

The boss of Marks & Spencer has been handed £1.6million in pay and bonuses for the previous year's work despite falling profits at the retailer.

 The FTSE 100 jumped today, despite warnings that the General Election had delivered the 'result markets feared'.

Linen provider Berendsen jumped to a seven-month high yesterday after a French rival bought it for £2.2 billion.

Both the chairman and chief executive of Allied Minds have snapped up shares in their company.

High street beauty chain The Body Shop will be sold to Brazilian cosmetics manufacturer Natura Cosmeticos in a deal which could be worth 1 billion euro (£880million), its parent company has revealed.

One of the great verities, heard many times in the past 24 hours, is that financial markets hate uncertainty.

The City had been expecting a quiet election.

Exports of British goods have soared to a record high amid booming demand around the world, official figures showed.

The billionaire boss of NMC Health has made £47.4million after selling more than 2million shares.

A merger worth £40million between distribution firms DX Group and John Menzies is under threat as police investigate DX's Exchange arm.

FINISHING SPRINTThe venture between Dixons Carphone and American retailer Sprint is to end.

The FTSE 100 rose 1 per cent, or 77.35 points, to 7527.33 after the pound tumbled following the election.

In first-class news for investors, shares in stamp dealer Stanley Gibbons soared 18 per cent yesterday after a surprise approach from the former owner of Wagamama.

Hedge fund managers including Crispin Odey made a killing by betting against the pound as the Tories lost their majority.

Sales at Sir Philip Green’s family firm Taveta were weighed down by the poor performance of his high street chains Evans, Burton and Miss Selfridge, according to analysis of dozens of accounts filed by the company in recent days.

Morrisons boss David Potts could take home £10million over the next three years after the supermarket’s board set bonus targets described in the City as ‘inexplicably low’.

uSwitch said it has seen ‘record’ activity on its website, which helps consumers to compare prices and find better deals for a range of services.

Brussels is expected to announce whether it will force London's £747billion-a-day euro-clearing business to relocate to the eurozone after Brexit on Tuesday, in what could be a major blow for the Square Mile.

BREXIT DEMANDSPlane-maker Airbus has threatened to move production out of Britain if a series of non-negotiable Brexit demands are not met.

Supercar maker McLaren Automotive could be set to follow in rival Ferrari’s footsteps with a stock market float.

Uncertainty driven by the election of Donald Trump and last year's Brexit vote has led to the gold reserves of the world's largest public sector investors to reach an 18-year high.

Morrisons has been criticised over 'soft' bonus targets and excessive boardroom pay.

Britain's largest grocer is expected to report further sales growth in the first quarter of its financial year this week.

The pound made a negative start to the week as Prime Minister Theresa May prepares to face Conservative MPs for the first time since her disastrous general election campaign.

Outsourcing firm Mitie reported losses of over £40million today, but said it expected to return to 'modest growth' as enacts a cost-cutting plan and signs new contracts.

Ocadois looking to raise hundreds of millions of pounds by launching bonds for the first time in order to fund expansion of its warehouse capacity and upgrades to its technology platform.

SWOOPING INAmerican plane maker Boeing has issued a vote of confidence in the UK after investing more than £2 billion in the supply chain.

A global sell-off of tech company stocks wiped more than £51 billion from their value yesterday.

Tanzania’s government dealt yet another blow to Acacia Mining yesterday, accusing the firm of failing to declare tens of billions of dollars’ worth of revenues and tax payments.

 Say what you want aboutTheresa May, despite a disastrouselectioncampaign markets have seemingly bought into her as a 'strong and stable' leader for Britain.

The Bank of England's inflation forecasts were left redundant this session, after prices soared to their highest level in four years.

Goldman Sachs chief Lloyd Blankfein reveals doctors discovered 75 tumours when he was diagnosed in 2015 with lymphoma, from which he is now thankfully in remission.

Fashion brand Ted Baker has reported increased sales in the first quarter of this year as online growth soared.

Shares in embattled outsourcing firm Capita Group soared 13 per cent today after it reassured investors that a turnaround plan was making good progress.

British builder Crest Nicholson has warned the political uncertainty generated by last Thursday'selectionresult could hit the housing market.

Merlin Entertainments has blamed terror attacks in the UK for lower visitor numbers at attractions such as Madame Tussauds and the London Eye.

Ted Baker is fighting the threat of low-cost online upstarts by targeting shoppers who want affordable luxury.

Frankie & Benny’s owner has appointed the boss of Patisserie Valerie to its board.

Questions  surrounding the future of the London Stock Exchange’s £750billion-a-day clearing business couldn’t stop shares in the group from reaching a record high yesterday.

ON BOARDInsurer Charles Taylor has added a Microsoft boss to its board as non-executive director.

Green shoots of recovery at Capita propelled shares to their highest in eight months.

Bankers and lawyers will enjoy another bumper pay day from the biggest City stock market float for two decades – a listing that will also be a major boost for the British economy.

Heineken could be forced to sell pubs as part of a £403million takeover of Punch Taverns after the competitions watchdog expressed concerns.

A former darling of Britain's tech scene is being snapped up by American buyers after losing a battle with Apple and Google.

Banks will get fresh powers to snoop on errant traders after a WhatsApp monitoring service was backed by Blackberry.

Shares in the world’s oldest stamp business Stanley Gibbons bounced back yesterday after it emerged that private equity group Disruptive Capital was still interested in buying the firm.

Retailer WH Smith has reported a two per cent sales increase in the first quarter of this year due to the success of its shops in airports, train stations and motorway services.

HousebuilderBellwayreported in Wednesday's trading update that the residential property market remains 'robust' as buyers ignore uncertainty in the UK economy.

British luxury bag makerMulberryhas reported rising full-year profits, triggered by an increase in sales as bargain-seekers took advantage of the weak pound.

Zara owner Inditex has notched up an 18 per cent surge in first quarter profit after another double-digit hike in sales as it continued its worldwide expansion.

Tomorrow's Bank of England rate decision takes place amid rising inflation and increased political tension following last Thursday's general election.

Chinese investment firm Fosun launched a bidding war last night with an offer to take over precious stones miner Gemfields for £224.6million.

Unlike his predecessors, new City minister Stephen Barclay has plenty of experience of the Square Mile.

PROFIT BOOSTWealth manager Charles Stanley is back in the black with an £8.8million profit for the year to March, up from a £300,000 loss.

Beleaguered printing and marketing group St Ives enjoyed its best day in eight years yesterday after reporting significant progress since a profit warning.

Former TalkTalk boss Dido Harding pocketed £4million as the firm's shares plunged by 45 per cent, accounts revealed yesterday.

 Booming demand for its affordable Bayswater bag helped boost sales for upmarket retailer Mulberry.

Milliond of pounds have been paid out to the foreign owners of Britain's biggest water company even as it picked up almost £29million in fines for leaks and pollution and paid no corporation tax.

The chairman of Centamin has netted £18.1million by cashing in on a recovery in the global mining firm’s share price.

The shamed insurance claims firm formerly known as Quindell is facing a High Court battle over a disastrous £637million deal.

A row has broken out among some of the biggest names in the City as a vulture hedge fund launched its latest crusade with an assault on global miner BHP.

Sofa chainDFShas issued a warning over its profits after the General Election and an 'uncertain macroeconomic environment' led to weak trading at its stores.

Majestic Wine has reported a £1.5million loss this year as it continues with a bold overhaul.

The FTSE 100 closed down 55.04 points at 7419.36 as investor digested news of a split among Bank of England rate setters.

High-street Fashion chain H&M has reported slowing sales growth after it faced a tough start to May across a number of its international markets.

Temperley, the boho fashion label owned by theDuchess of Cambridge’s favourite designer Alice Temperley, posts annual losses just shy of £4million.

Panic-stricken investors pulled £900 million from FTSE 100 retailers yesterday as the outlook for shoppers turned sour in a perfect storm of bad economic news.

A tech entrepreneur who claimed his company was an ambassador for Asian firms has snatched it back from investors after the firm saw its value plunge by £116 million.

RUBY REVENUEPrecious stones specialist Gemfields said it made record revenues of £42.9 million from its latest auction of rubies from Mozambique, held in Singapore.

The FTSE 100 closed up 44.18 points at 7,463.54, but supermarkets took a knock on news Amazon is to take over upmarket US grocer Whole Foods.

Tesco'sUK recovery continued to gather pace after the supermarket giant increased like-for-like sales 2.3 per cent in the first quarter.

Aero-engineer Rolls-Royce is expecting a £50million profits boost this year due to the devaluation of the pound.

Shares in British supermarkets suffered this afternoon as it was revealed US online giantAmazonis to takeover middle-class favourite Whole Foods.

Supermarket shares fell on both sides of the Atlantic yesterday as Amazon mounted a shock £10.7billion bid for organic retail chain Whole Foods.

Oil has clocked up its longest run of weekly losses for nearly two years – hit by rising production and subdued demand.

Barely a year ago, Phil Bentley was roasting his tootsies in the Florida sunshine.

SOARING PAYThe boss of energy giant SSE’s pay rose 72 per cent to £2.9million in the year to March 31.

The boss of First Group lost his £723,415 bonus after the Croydon tram crash left seven people dead and 58 injured.

Sainsbury's is closing in on a £130 million deal to buy convenience store group Nisa as part of a flurry of acquisitions that is changing the face of the retail sector.

Currency traders bet £146bn in a selling frenzy as markets reeled on the night of the Brexit vote, new figures show.

Sainsbury's is set to swoop on convenience chain Nisa in a £130m deal, amid panic over a possible sector invasion by Amazon.

Merger move Secret talks have reportedly taken place between Scottish Widows and rival Standard Life in a deal to create one of Britain’s largest life insurers.

Flexible workspace provider The Office Group (TOG) has been valued at £500 million after global property investor Blackstone snapped up a controlling stake in the company.

Profits at women's retailer Bonmarché fell 40 per cent this year as the British company was hammered by Brexit.

The FTSE 100 closed up 60.27 points at 7523.81 as Brexit talks kicked off and Emmanuel Macron notched up a convincing win in the French assembly election, The man in charge of leading the process, Brexit secretary David Davis, has gone over toBrusselsto start formal negotiations with hisEuropean Unioncounterparts.

An £11billion merger between Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management was overwhelmingly approved by shareholders today.

British fashion retailerN Brownis to close up to five loss-making stores as it grapples with business rates hikes and lower high street footfall.

The FTSE 100 opened flat but edged higher through the early going as investors turned their attention to this morning’s rescheduled Mansion House speeches by Bank of England Governor Mark Carney and Chancellor Philip Hammond.

Plumbing and heating supplierWolseleyhas reported growing third quarter profits, driven by robust growth at its US division.

Barclays shares fell 0.8 per cent to 205.10p this morning after the bank and four senior executives were charged with fraud over fundraising from Qatar.

Rio Tinto has rejected a last-minute bid for its Australian coalmines from FTSE 100 rival Glencore, sticking with a lower offer from Chinese-backed Yancoal.

British outsourcing firm Serco has won a £1.5billion contract to run Australia's largest prison for 20 years.

More than 50,000 skilled jobs in the motor industry must be created to stop Britain 'falling off a cliff edge' after Brexit.

Former Barclays executive Roger Jenkins, 66, who's been charged by the Serious Fraud Office, claims to enjoy good relations with his pneumatic ex-wife Diana, despite having to pay her a £150million divorce settlement in 2011.

Ascot fever helped boost sales at upmarket menswear retailer Oliver Brown.

Royal Mail’s boss is joining the board of EasyJet.

The price of oil slid towards $45 a barrel yesterday – taking its losses since early this year to 20 per cent.

CABLE CONTRACTConstruction and regeneration group Morgan Sindall has won a two-year contract extension worth up to £60millio.

A self-made millionaire who started his business empire from a burger van yesterday cashed in on £94million worth of shares in the office firm he founded 30 years ago.

Rupert Murdoch's attempted takeover of Sky will be decided by the Culture Secretary in the next week.

Britain's biggest pizza delivery firm plunged to its lowest value in 16 months yesterday after analysts at Investec slapped it with a 'Sell' rating.

The FTSE 100 closed down 24.92 points at 7447.79 as market sentiment turned negative and an interest rate hike moved closer.

Berkeley Group shares rose this morning after the housebuilder posted a 53 per cent hike in profits.

Challenger bank Shawbrook has finally agreed to be taken over by a pair of private equity firms.

ToymakerHornbyhas again decided not to pay a dividend, but its losses have narrowed and the group said its turnaround plan is on track.

Costa Coffee revealed a further slowdown in sales growth amid increasing competition from artisan coffee shops, but its ownerWhitbreadhopes to lure customers with a new selection of cold drinks over the summer.

Shares in doorstop loan company Provident Financial plummeted 16 per cent this morning after a major profit warning.

The pound has faced a rocky 24 hours after being shunted back and forth by seemingly contradictory comments made by Bank of England heavyweights.

Online giant Amazon gave US retailers a battering last night as it looked poised to announce a tie-up with the world’s biggest sportswear maker – its third potential takeover in five days.

The boss of retail payments firm PayPoint was paid £1.1 million last year – a 23 per cent rise – after overseeing a profit surge.

 More than £754 million was wiped off doorstep lender Provident Financial yesterday after it revealed a decision to axe 2,000 debt collectors had backfired.

Digital broadcasterBrave Bisonshot up after former Sun editor Kelvin MacKenzie and his son Ashley failed in their bid to oust the firm’s chairman following a boardroom bust-up.

STEPPING UPTwo rising stars have been appointed to run the £336 billion stock and bond business of new investment giant Standard Life Aberdeen.

Advertising mogul Sir Martin Sorrell has threatened to pull out of next year’s Cannes Lions Festival, the Davos-style gathering of advertising executives taking place on the Riviera, due to spiralling costs.

Britain's competition watchdog has given the green light to the £11billion merger of Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management.

FTSE 100 closes down 8.50 points at 7439.29 after oil prices remained low following yesterday's supply glut fears.

UK chip makerImagination Technologieshas put itself up for sale just months after Apple said it will no longer use its products from next year.

Go-Ahead group expects passenger numbers and revenues to have declined 4 per cent over the past year at its Govia Thameslink Railway, which includes the strike-hit Southern Rail.

Wizz Air today shrugged off Brexit uncertainty to open its first British base.

The chief executive of Halfords saw her pay plunge by £110,000 in her final year at the firm before she left for Marks & Spencer.

Cocoa, coffee and sugar have plunged in value thanks to robot traders spurred into action by the falling oil price.

Embattled iPhone chip maker Imagination Technologies has put itself up for sale amid a bruising battle with Apple.

Burberry has appointed an American retail veteran to its board to revitalise its sales across the pond.

Entrepreneurs behind an app that lets music fans watch sold-out concerts in virtual reality made almost £2million after revealing a tie-up with Microsoft.

Ian Page, who is chief executive of Dechra Pharmaceuticals, netted £2.6million by selling shares in the UK’s largest animal pharmaceutical manufacturer.

Qatar has launched a fresh power grab on the global airline industry with plans to snap up 10 per cent of one of America's most recognised carriers.

Shell is retreating from its key oil business in Nigeria amid long-running battles with thieves and racketeers.

Pharmaceutical companies aided the stock market in London yesterday as a number of approvals and payments were secured on key drugs.

The FTSE 100 closed down 15.16 points at 7424.13, as the oil price moved above £45 and the pound traded above $1.27.

Fears that London could lose its grip on the lucrative euro clearing market have intensified after the European Central Bank upped its efforts to gain control of it after Brexit.

Britain's competition watchdog has launched a crackdown on gambling websites that 'load the dice' against their users.

The rollercoaster ride for investors in Blur Group continued yesterday after the former tech darling warned that its shares could soon become worthless.

The future of House of Fraser has been thrown into doubt after the department store's owner pulled funding for a small British bank.

Scandal-hit Taylor Wimpey was last night accused of breaking its promise to ride to the rescue of furious customers trapped in homes with soaring ground rents.

TroubledMitie could strip its former chief executive of £1.7million in bonuses and other awards because of the outsourcing firm's terrible performance.

CLEARING CONTROLThe European Central Bank is planning to tighten its grip on London's huge euro-clearing business after Brexit, fuelling fears the City could to lose out on the multi-billion-pound market – currently dominated by firms such as LCH.

Fuel prices have fallen to the lowest levels this year and are set to slide still further as the cost of oil continues to plummet.

We round up the Sunday newspaper share tips.

Celebrity jewellery designer Theo Fennell has rescued his firm one month after it called in administrators.

Top job Former Yahoo boss Marisa Mayer could be heading for the top job at taxi-hailing app Uber.

State-owned Royal Bank of Scotland is cutting 443 jobs in its business loans division and moving many of them to India.

Power and water company bosses were facing criticism last night after raking in millions despite complaining of out of control costs and missing leak targets.

Sainsbury’s is exploring potential sweeteners in a bid to fend off a rebellion against its takeover of Nisa.

The FTSE 100 closed up 22.67 points at 7446.80 after the leader of Northern Ireland's Democratic Unionist Party Arlene Foster and Prime Minister Theresa May secured a deal.

Motorists could be in line for further savings at the petrol pumps as the price of oil continues to tumble.

The Co-operative Bank has axed the planned sale of its business as it is close to striking a deal on a rescue package with its existing investors.

JD Wetherspoon boss Tim Martin today insisted cross-border trade with Ireland will flourish after Brexit as he announced his company's biggest investment ever.

A Russian billionaire has agreed to buy health food chain Holland & Barrett for £1.8billion.

A Russian oligarch with a reputation for scrapping with rivals has bought High Street chain Holland & Barrett for £1.8bn.

Glencore has lost out to the Chinese in a battle for Rio Tinto’s Australian coalfields.

Troubled outsourcing firm Capita hit its highest value in nearly nine months yesterday after offloading its asset management services arm for almost £900m.

 A ‘fat-fingered trader’ sent the price of gold spiralling after accidentally selling 1.8m ounces in one hit.

A venture capital trust better known for backing burger and burrito chains is getting behind fashionista Alexa Chung’s first solo clothes range.

Activist investor Dan Loeb has snapped up a £2.8bn stake in Nestle after launching an attack on the food conglomerate.

The Crown Estate has reported its highest-ever earnings this year after it leased out new developments in central London.

TheIsraelitech billionaire who co-founded Playtech is poised to make £318m by selling shares in the world’s largest online gaming software supplier.

The FTSE 100 closed down 12.44 points at 7,434.36 as markets started to sink into the traditional summer lull.

TheItaliangovernment has been forced to rescue two more banks as the nation’s slow-burn financial crisis rages on.

A bitter row over the future of Gemfields was put to bed yesterday when the miner’s largest shareholder forced through a takeover.

Debenhams shares slid this morning after the department store warned of lower profits amid 'volatile' trading conditions.

Panicked investment giants have been arranging meetings with the financial regulator’s boss ahead of a damning report due to be published tomorrow.

The Co-operative Bank has taken down the ‘for sale’ sign after months of trying to find a buyer.

Shares inCarpetrightjumped today despite a collapse in profits and falling UK sales as the retailer claimed that its turnaround programme is working.

Heineken has offered to sell some of its pubs after the competition watchdog raised concerns about its acquisition of Punch Taverns.

Gas storage firm Infrastrata steamed ahead yesterday after its entire board was purged by embittered shareholders.

Booming ice-cream sales during the recent heatwave helped supermarkets storm to their best results in five years.

Harley-Davidson could be about to buy its Italian rival Ducati.

Online travel agency eDreams has reported rising sales despite a bitter tussle with Ryanair.

Millions of British workers could find themselves replaced by robots, according to a study by PwC.

Banks risk losses of around £1.7billion if the value of second-hand cars keeps falling, the Bank of England has warned.

There is much about Brussels not to like.

Ailing fashion retailer New Look has appointed an ex-Zara boss as its chief creative officer as it seeks to revive its performance.

Ofwat has finally awoken from a long stupor and recognised a scandal at Britain's biggest supplier of water and sewerage services.

RAPID DELIVERYSupermarketTescohas launched a one-hour delivery service inLondonallowing customers to order up to 20 food items on the Tesco Now app for £7.99.

The former manager of Guns N’ Roses is launching a fund to make money out of music royalties.

 The Governor of the Bank of England has hinted that interest rates could rise if the economy is handed a boost from stronger business investment.

Stagecoach shares derailed today after the company reported plunging profits and said terrorism fears and economic uncertainty has put off passengers.

Dixons Carphone defied the slowdown is spending that has hit many other higher street retailers to book a healthy leap in profits as demand for electricals in the UK held up well.

The Co-operative Bank has finalised a £700million rescue deal with investors to stop it being wound down.

Rail and bus operator Stagecoach Group plunged to its lowest value in more than seven years yesterday after revealing an 83 per cent drop in annual profits thanks to its loss-making East Coast line.

The FTSE 100 closed down 37.48 points at 7350.32 and the pound rose to $1.30 as traders mulled the prospect of an interest rate hike sooner than later.

Online estate agent Purplebricks has reported soaring revenues as more sellers turn away from high street agents.

PricewaterhouseCoopers is being investigated by Britain’s accountancy watchdog over its audit of BT following the accounting scandal at the telecom group’s Italian division.

Pub group Greene King has toasted 'record results' after revenues soared this year.

Some of Britain's biggest supermarkets are appealing a tax on cash machines that could force them to start charging customers to take out money.

Outsourcing firm Bunzl said revenues were enjoying a boost from new business in the US as it sealed a string of overseas acquisitions.

 Packaging giant DS Smith is buying 80pc of Virginia-based firm Interstate Resources, giving it a path into the lucrative US market.

Fashion retailer Superdry was forced to rush out its results after a bag containing a draft copy was stolen from an employee.

Around 7,000 jobs have been secured under plans by Rolls-Royce to plough £150m into its UK facilities.

Pub group Greene King has toasted rising sales and profits but warned of woes ahead.

Australian DIY chain Bunnings is creating more than 1,000 jobs in the UK and doubling its store expansion drive after snapping up Homebase last year.

The British shipping industry is being trounced by low-cost Indian rivals in a war for business in the North Sea.

Two thirds of pensioners are still saving in retirement, putting away more than any other age group, according to new research.

Gatwick Airport is prepared to privately fund a £7.8bn second runway after losing out on the expansion bid to Heathrow.

 Mining giant Glencore’s chief executive Ivan Glasenberg has been appointed to the board of state-controlled Russian oil company Rosneft.

It has been a subdued week with equities failing to make any headway and sterling building in response to this week’s central bank commentary, which points to a rate hike sooner rather than later.

Robots are spying on NatWest staff as they speak to customers in an effort to avoid future mis-selling scandals.

The bassist of 1980s reggae band UB40 has been banned from running companies for four years after a bust-up over bookkeeping.

Lloyds Banking Group is to shell out at least £1.9million to customers affected by the HBOS fraud scandal as it misses a self-imposed deadline to make compensation offers.

Nisa is back in the black as it gears up for a £130m takeover deal with Sainsbury's.

HACKING PAYOUTNewspaper publisher Trinity Mirror has set aside a further £7.5million to settle phone-hacking allegations.

Vulture investors are betting £336million that Ocado will crash and burn with its bid to go global.

One year has passed since a number of UK property funds were suspended in a wave of post-Brexit panic.

Fashion chain Jigsaw has doled out £493,000 to staff as part of a company stock plan.

Supermarket giant Sainsbury’s could sign a £2bn deal to supply newsagent chain McColl’s as grocers continue fighting to secure their futures.

French banks surged ahead of their British rivals last year thanks to turbulent markets and an interest rate cut.

British vacuum giant Dyson is opening a store in one ofNew York’s most prestigious shopping districts as foreign buyers clamour for its wares.

An internet takeaway firm is on the brink of becoming Britain’s latest tech unicorn in a deal valuing it at more than £1bn, it is claimed.

London shares made a positive start to a week that will be dominated by Barclays and its four former executives who will appear at Westminster Magistrates Court to face allegations they conspired to commit fraud over a 2008 bank capital raising with Qatari investors at the height of the financial crisis.

FLUSHED OUT Peter Mason, the chairman of Thames Water, will announce he is leaving this week after controversy over tax payments, leaks and pollution.

Fashion retailerSuperGrouphas announced plans to expand and is launching a chain of standalone sportswear stores as it looks to cash in on the lucrative fitness market.

Britain's pension black hole shrank by £33billion in the last year as markets shrugged off Brexit turbulence and an interest rate cut, figures show.

The former chief executive of Barclays appeared in court yesterday accused of striking corrupt deals at the height of the financial crisis.

Subway has announced a major expansion that it says will create 5,000 jobs in the UK and Ireland.

IRAN DEALFrance’s energy giant Total will develop a giant gas field in Iran, the first major Western investment in the country’s energy industry since sanctions were lifted in early 2016.

UK companies began the second half of the year on the right foot yesterday, with the FTSE 100 recovering some of last week’s losses as US markets hit record highs.

Certain fashion tycoons think nothing of allowing themselves to appear on the front pages in all their oiled and paunchy glory, with tummies as brown as a rotisserie chicken spilling over the waistband of their Bermuda shorts.

Steelworkers whose pensions were in peril after their company fell into administration could be getting a lifeline from industry magnate Sanjeev Gupta.

Shares in troubled model train maker Hornby veered off the tracks in early trading yesterday after it formally told investors to reject a takeover offer it believes 'significantly undervalues' the firm.

From tomorrow, you will be able to ban charities from pestering you to donate cash.

RATE WARNINGFinancial holding company UK Asset Resolution, the state-owned group responsible for winding down the mortgage books of failed lenders Northern Rock and Bradford & Bingley, has warned up to one in ten of its customers could struggle if interest rates were to rise from 0.25 per cent to 1.25 per cent.

Equiniti has named the chairman of pub chain Greene King as a non-executive director.

Investors piled into Worldpay yesterday, adding £1.8billion to its value after bosses revealed the company was at the centre of a takeover battle.

Imagination Technologies has returned to the black as the iPhone chip maker looks set for a legal battle withApple.

The woman driving French car giant Citroen back to success with her Anglo-Saxon 'mindset' has been named the most influential Briton in the global car industry.

Shares in several big-name Nasdaq companies appeared to spike or plummet well after the closing bell on Monday due to a suspected glitch.

The FTSE 100 closed up 10.37 points at 7367.60, but underwhelming economic data muted gains during this session.

Post Brexit vote London has reinforced its grip on being the 'tech capital' of Europe after attracting record levels of investment in startup businesses from venture capitalists and business angels.

Housebuilder Persimmondefied the General Election blues and lower transactions across the market with a jump in sales, as it continued to benefit from Government-backed mortgage schemes and rising prices.

Cash and carry chainBooker, which is in the midst of a takeover by Tesco, said good weather and a late Easter boosted sales in its first quarter.

Ocado Group shares ticked up this morning after the online supermarket reported growth in customer numbers, orders and revenues.

Canaccord Genuity Group has agreed to acquire Hargreave Hale just days after two fellow wealth managers joined forces.

 Workers who make phones for the super-rich face a £500,000-plus hole in their pension fund as their company goes bust amid a huge row between the current and former owners.

Controversial tycoon Mike Ashley yesterday defended a gambling competition which cost his business Sports Direct £750,000 in legal fees.

The bosses of payments giant Worldpay could walk away with more than £90m if a £9.1bn takeover bid by US rival Vantiv is forced through.

Burberry's new boss, Marco Gobbetti, is set for a whopping 80 per cent discount on any product he buys from the luxury fashion house.

Shares inTescosoared to the top of the FTSE yesterday after recent hot weather led takeover target Booker to post ‘outstanding’ sales.

The City watchdog’s ex-boss pocketed £367,000 for just three months’ work, accounts reveal.

China has ordered 140 planes from Airbus, in a boost for UK jobs.

A top Lloyds banker once tipped to succeed boss Antonio Horta-Osorio is quitting.

Steel magnate Sanjeev Gupta has further expanded his international empire, buying Australian steel business Arrium out of administration.

Bovis Homes has set aside another £3.5million to deal with customer complaints about problems with its houses.

Britons could have little cream to go with their mince pies this Christmas as the UK is heading for a butter and cream shortage, the boss of dairy giant Arla has warned.

Thousands of jobs at Microsoft were last night put under threat following the announcement of a major restructure.

Taxpayers have lost out on as much as £15bn after Royal Bank of Scotland was forced by theEUto sell assets cheaply as part of its bailout.

Bank of England governor Mark Carney took home £880,042 last year.

Chocolate maker Cadbury is expanding production at its Bournville factory following a £75m investment from its owner Mondelez International.

Specialist insurance firm Novae Group rose to its highest value this year after announcing it will be bought for £468m, despite opposition from its biggest investor.

The FTSE 100 closed up 13.6 points at 7,350.92, while the pound was hit by disappointing economic data.

The owner of Bulmers and Magners has warned it expects its full-year profits to be hit amid weakening demand for cider.

Tailoring fashion to match changing customer tastes boosted Primark’s sales.

EasyJet's Dame Carolyn McCall is rumoured to be one of the leading contenders in the race to become the next boss of ITV.

Challenger bank Monzo has blamed a supplier for problems that saw customers unable to make payments yesterday.

Takeaway giant Just Eat has appointed the former boss of internet site Moneysupermarket as its new chief executive.

BT is poised to overhaul Openreach's public image in a bid to repair its battered reputation.

Vulture hedge fund Elliott Advisors has upped its stake in Dulux and launched a fresh bid to oust the paint maker's chairman.

Samsung looks likely to overtake Apple to become the world's most profitable company.

Tesla shares crawled ahead yesterday as its cheapest electric cars started to roll off the production line in California.

When EasyJet unexpectedly dipped into the red last year, the carrier's chief executive Dame Carolyn McCall swiftly scrambled into action.

EARNINGS DIPHomeware retailer Dunelm is expected to report a fall in full-year profit after it flagged an 'uncertain consumer environment' and recorded falling sales.

The rocket boosters were put on shares in British Gas owner Centrica yesterday amid rumours of a foreign takeover bid.

Investors in Marks and Spencer will be looking for signs the retailer has turned a corner under boss Steve Rowe.

Club bid An investment firm backed byFacebookboss Mark Zuckerberg is rumoured to be considering a £1bn bid forTottenham Hotspur.

 Budget clothing retailer Matalan has said it is 'well positioned' to cash in on Britain's slowing economy and a Brexit squeeze on consumer spending as it posted rising sales.

HIGH FLYINGMore than 1.5m passengers passed through London Luton Airport last month, up 6.2 per cent from the year before.

A Shropshire factory will make nearly half a million bricks to help redevelop Battersea Power Station.

 Hedge funds made around £80million as construction firm Carillion's stock dived amid a profit warning and £845million write down.

The security concerns of UK businesses in the wake of several high profile cyber attacks this year are continuing to fuel record growth at FTSE 250 favourite Sophos Group.

Ryanair has cancelled planned routes to Ukraine and accused Kiev airport of failing to honour its commitments.

Contract wins with Lidl and Aldi helped tissue roll maker Accrol toast rising sales and profits.

Superdrug's owner plans to create more than 1,000 jobs in the UK.

A controversial green energy tycoon has launched a bid to win a place on the board of an arch rival – sparking a furious row with fellow clean power fat cats.

Foreign companies have exploited the fall in the pound to mount takeovers of UK rivals worth £122billion since the Brexit vote, the Mail can reveal.

The FTSE 100 fell 40.27 points at 7329.76 in what has been another slow mid-summer session.

Sales at Marks & Spencer's clothing and home division fell at a slower rate in the second quarter, it reported today, as its turnaround plan is put into action.

Price comparison website operator Gocompare.com said it is well positioned for the rest of this year and forecast a 22 per cent jump in first-half adjusted operating profit.

Education company Pearson is to sell a 22 per cent stake in its publishing unit Penguin Random House to Germany's Bertelsmann for around £776 million.

Britain's recent good weather has helped boost sales atYoung'sas pub-goers flocked to its beer gardens and riverside boozers.

Goodweatherhas helped lift sales at pub chainJD Wetherspoonas Britons, unsurprisingly, flocked to pub gardens to enjoy the rare sunshine with a pint.

Tesco's £3.7billion takeover of cash-and-carry firm Booker has been hit by a hammer blow after competition watchdogs launched an inquiry.

Investors feared oil services firm John Wood Group might get cold feet over its upcoming merger with Amec Foster Wheeler after the latter became the subject of a corruption and bribery probe.

British digger maker JCB has posted a 34 per cent rise in profits after it sold an extra 6,167 machines last year.

Embattled Carillion could dump its construction arm amid ballooning financial problems that have wiped £580million off the firm in three days.

NFL SPONSORSandwich restaurant Subway has won a contract to sponsor the London NFL American football games.

A British based tech start-up dubbed a ‘global banking alternative’ has raised £51million, in a boost for London’s fintech.

Embattled BT fought off calls for boss Gavin Patterson to quit over the £530million accounting scandal which shareholders have branded 'the Italian Job'.

Burberry has shelved plans to develop a flagship manufacturing factory in a listed building in Leeds.

Recruiter Hays has added a former executive from catering firm Compass to its board.

The FTSE 100 closed down 35.05 points at 7,378.39 as the pound hit $1.31, dampening shares of the major exporters listed on London's top index.

Dark clouds hung over the UK job market yesterday after recruitment firm Hays revealed a sharp decline in hiring activity.

FED CHIEFFormer Goldman Sachs banker Gary Cohn, who is leading the hunt for the next US Federal Reserve chairman, could be about to recommend himself for the role.

Two British FTSE giants have announced plans to establish bases on the Continent to ensure business continues unhindered after Brexit.

AstraZeneca's boss has insisted he cannot comment on rumours he is leaving the pharmaceuticals giant – even as uncertainty about his role wiped almost £3billion from the company.

A British tech firm that provides number-plate recognition to police forces could fall into the hands of another foreign owner.

John Lewis is sending its staff to drama school in a bid to boost their confidence.

The FTSE 100 made a strong start to a week set to be dominated by Brexit negotiations as Brexit secretary David Davis started the second round of talks with the EU's Michel Barnier.

The FTSE 100 made a strong start to a week set to be dominated by Brexit negotiations as Brexit secretary David Davis started the second round of talks with the EU's Michel Barnier.

Goldman Sachs co-president David Solomon, tipped as a successor to chief executive Lloyd Blankfein, has stunned colleagues after Instagramming a picture of himself DJing at a recent 4th of July party.

City regulators have launched a probe into whether the £500 billion online investment market is giving savers value for money.

PROFIT SOARSThe world’s biggest fund manager BlackRock has reported a 9 per cent rise in profit as its assets hit £4.35 trillion.

The 19 per cent jump in Carillion shares on the back of it winning a £450 million slice of the first bunch of HS2 contracts is a little rich.

Investors in Weir Group have a boom in US fracking activity to thank for a surge in the engineer’s shares yesterday.

Shares in Carillion rallied yesterday after the crisis-hit construction company won contracts to build part of the HS2 railway.

Royal Mail was the biggest riser on the FTSE 100 this morning after it said growth in its parcel division and UK political mailings in the run up to June’s snap election boosted revenues by more than expected.

Twenty years after publishing its first Harry Potter book, Bloomsbury continues to reap benefits from the series as it posted a near-20 per cent increase in sales in its first quarter.

BREXIT BOOSTOne of Sweden’s biggest banks has outlined plans to expand in the UK in a major vote of confidence in Brexit Britain.

British Land Company surprised investors by announcing a £300million share buyback for its current financial year, making it the first real estate investment trust to buy back stock in almost a decade.

Even the slew of post sent during the UK'sgeneral electionwas not enough to halt the decline ofRoyal Mail's letters business.

Prosecutors in Germany look set to drop insider-trading charges against Deutsche Boerse chief executive Carsten Kengeter.

Kevin Loosemore has bought £1.1million shares in Micro Focus.

Rupert Murdoch's son has been appointed to the board of Tesla after the firm drew criticism from investors over the lack of independent directors on its senior team.

Shareholders at First Group have given a huge thumbs down to crisis-hit Carillion's former finance chief being let loose on their company.

Shares inNetflixhit an all-time high after the video streaming service reported another thumping increase in viewers and pledged to spend £4.6billion on new TV shows.

Goldman Sachs suffered its worst quarter on record for commodities over the three months to June – but the US bank is still set to squirrel away around £10billion for its staff this year.

The FTSE 100 closed up 40.69 points at 7430.91, on the back of a strong showing by housebuilders, which were buoyed by a positive analyst report on the sector.

Consumer goods maker Reckitt Benckiser has agreed to sell the food arm which makes French’s mustard to the US food company McCormick in a deal worth $4.2billion (£3.2billion).

He looks set to overtake Bill Gates as the world's richest man - butAmazonchief Jeff Bezos looks like he's also had an image overhaul.

Airlines and food delivery firms took a beating after being singled out by the Government as the worst offenders for imposing 'rip-off' card charges on customers.

A top regulator has been recruited by BT as boss Gavin Patterson fights back over criticism of his handling of its Italian fraud scandal.

DRIVING DEMANDCar maker Volkswagen delivered 5.2million vehicles in the first half of the year, up 0.8 per cent from the year before.

Sir Philip Green has poached a sales guru from Burberry to run Topshop.

British pharmaceuticals giant GlaxoSmithKline has announced plans to sell its Horlicks drinks business in the UK and cut 320 jobs.

Over 300 GlaxoSmithKline employees are set to lose their jobs after the group unveiled plans to sell its malt drink Horlicks brand, shut down the plant where it is produced and outsource some of its antibiotics manufacturing.

DRIVING DEMANDCar maker Volkswagen delivered 5.2million vehicles in the first half of the year, up 0.8 per cent from the year before.

The FTSE 100 closed up 56.96 points at 7487.87 as the pound weakened against the euro on expectations the European Central Bank will soon wind up its money printing programme.

UK broadband provider TalkTalk said revenues fell in its first quarter as it continues to grapple with slow growth and the loss of customers following 2015’s cyber attack.

Mothercare’s sales continued to grow in its first quarter as its turnaround plan paid off, but it warned of the impact of rising inflation on UK customers and a further decline in its Middle East business.

Energy supplier SSE has reported the loss of 230,000 customer accounts as the ongoing desertion of the 'Big Six' energy suppliers in favour of cheaper competitors continued.

Consumer giant Unilever has vindicated its recent decision to rebuff a persistent takeover effort by American Kraft Heinz as it posted rising sales and profits for the first half of 2017.

A profit warning led to a slide in Moneysupermarket.com Group's shares on Thursday with the company blaming a drop-off in energy switching for its troubles.

EasyJet has upgraded its annual profit forecast after a strong Easter helped boost third quarter revenues.

 The UK’s love affair with sugar-filled fizzy drinks sent profits at Vimto-owner Nichols soaring yesterday.

Legendary diamond miner De Beers has reported surging production – with hauls increasing almost six-fold in Canada.

Shares across Europe’s biggest carriers plunged yesterday after EasyJet warned of the impact of a price war.

Britain's biggest building society is to pump millions into building and rental schemes in a bid to ease the nation’s housing crisis.

The world’s largest high-end chocolate maker Barry Callebaut is branching out into biscuits and meringues.

Hedge fund activist Elliott has opened a new front in its war against mining giant BHP Billiton, taking aim at plans to splash out billions on a potash mine.

Online electricals retailerAO Worldincreased its sales by 2.5 per cent in the second quarter, driven by a sharp revenue rise in Europe.

Asda owner Walmart is the biggest company in the world by revenues after leaving growing Chinese powerhouses and technology giants such as Apple in its wake.

The FTSE 100 closed down 34.96 points at 7452.91 as a bout of nerves on European markets spread across the Channel.

Online payments firm Paysafe Group has been targeted with a £2.9 billion takeover proposal by private equity giants Blackstone and CVC Partners.

Telecoms giant Vodafone suffered a 3.3 per cent drop in sales across the group as its Indian business came under increased pressure on pricing from rivals.

AstraZeneca's boss played down rumours he is planning to leave for an Israeli rival – telling staff he plans to work ‘together’ to see the company succeed.

A dramatic surge in demand for mobile phone data from young users hooked onYouTubeand internet videos has boosted Vodafone.

 Shares in Paysafe soared yesterday after it became the latest British financial technology group to attract attention from predators.

Swatch has ticked back into growth as it fights back against Apple’s smart watches.

Britain's budget airline boom has prompted an upstart airport to start using mobile phone data.

A budget champagne sorbet looks to have landed Aldi with a nasty five-year hangover.

Lingerie retailer Bravissimo is setting up shop in America as it seeks to bolster its international presence.

Asdais believed to be considering a £4.4bn takeover bid for discount retailer B&M, a move which would make it the latest grocer to look beyond the traditional food and drink space.

 More than a quarter of the UK’s biggest companies have grown the amount they pay back to investors every year for at least the past decade, flying in the face of unprecedented levels of economic uncertainty over the period.

A private equity firm backed by the Chinese state is reportedly planning to make a bid for Imagination Technologies, the former iPhone chip maker ditched byApple.

Social media firmSnapchatwill face fresh pressure this week as many of its early investors are given the opportunity to sell off their holdings for the first time.

Household goods groupReckitt Benckiserhas revealed the impact of a cyber-attack last month that significantly disrupted its manufacturing and orders systems across a range of markets.

Europe's biggest budget airlineRyanairhas posted a jump in first-quarter profits due to strong summer demand, but issued a warning thatBrexitcould cause it to ground flights and cancel holidays unless a deal with theEUis struck.

The FTSE 100 closed down 75.18 points at 7377.73, making a bad start to the week as investors prepare for a jam packed five days of earnings.

The prolonged late spring and early summer good weather boosted sales at McColl's, with alcohol and groceries leading the way.

Robert Maxwell's son Kevin has once again fended off bankruptcy after he and his brother Ian yesterday settled a High Court dispute with loan firm DCF.

Booming demand for Nerf Guns helped boost sales at Hasbro.

Love Island may have come to an end last night, but analysts at Liberum believe the dating show has given its broadcaster ITV the boost it really needed ahead of its first-half results on Wednesday.

 Tech giantGoogle's shares slumped below the $1,000 mark in after-hours trading as its parent company took a major hit on profits due to a record £2.1billionEUfine.

LITHIUM LINKMiner Rio Tinto has signed a deal with the Serbian government over its work developing its Jadar lithium mine, with production due to start in 2023.

A devastating cyber-attack that cost the maker of Durex and Dettol an estimated £100million crippled the company in just 45 minutes and wiped out swathes of its global computer network, its boss has revealed.

Two of the world’s richest bankers saw their wealth swell by £280million last year as the value of their shareholdings soared following the election of Donald Trump as US President.

The rise of the 'flexitarian diet' has boosted sales for Quorn, which is now investing £150million into its facility in Teesside to keep up with demand.

The FTSE 100 closed up 57.09 points at 7434.82 in another busy session for results, includingVirgin Money,Domino's,SegroandFever-Tree.

Shares inVirgin Moneyfell more than 6 per cent today despite the challenger bank's announcement of a 26 per cent rise in profits for the first half of the year.

Fever-Treehas upgraded its profits forecast after sales fizzed higher in the first half of the year as the drinks firm continued to ride the wave of the gin renaissance.

Jimmy Choo has been sold to American rival Michael Kors for nearly £900m.

Dulux owner Akzo Nobel is set to lose both men who protected it against a £23billion takeover by foreign predators – raising fears it could become a target once again.

The crisis at Britain's biggest doorstep lender deepened yesterday as a senior executive quit and profits collapsed.

Domino's Pizza has launched a service withAmazon's Alexa that allows customers to order food without touching a button or picking up the phone.

Shares soared at Games Workshop as bosses said profits were likely to beat expectations.

Tim Warrillow, the co-founder ofFever Tree, has sold 1.5million shares in the trendy tonic maker for £29million.

Nigel Wray has sold a stake in Alliance Pharma estimated to be worth around nearly £4.3million.

Bosses at Safestore Holdings have been rocked by a furious backlash over fat-cat pay.

A quangohanded millions of pounds of taxpayer money to boost training in the building industry doled out more than £8million in redundancy payments last year.

McDonald's  has clocked up its biggest rise in sales for more than five years in a major boost for its British boss.

CYBER CLARITYBanks will be forced to come clean over major security breaches and cyber-attacks under rules proposed by the City watchdog.

The City raised a glass to the UK's thriving pub and bar scene yesterday following strong results from Fuller Smith & Turner and Revolution Bars.

ITV has seen sales and profits fall in the first half as advertising revenues continued to fall but theLove Islandbroadcaster said the outlook for the year remained unchanged.

The FTSE 100 closed up 17.5 points at 7,452.3 on another heavy day for company earnings, including 3i Group, ITV, Hammerson, Glaxo SmithKline and Antofagasta.

Traders swapped £1.9 trillion a day on Britain’s currency markets in April, new figures show.

Social media giantFacebooksurpassed analysts’ expectations with soaring advertising revenues in its first earnings report since reaching two billion users.

 The sale of fancy trotters firm Jimmy Choo to chav favourite Michael Kors for £896 million must be a choker for its eponymous co-founder.

The FTSE 100 closed down 9.3 points at 7,443.01 as some of its largest players put out results and updates, including Glencore, Lloyds, Shell, Diageo and Sky.

 PAYMENT PROPOSERSRevenues at payments business Paypoint jumped 4.2 per cent to £28.4 million in the three months to June 30, as shopkeepers embraced its new card readers which are now in 5,000 stores.

A jump in delayed flights over the last quarter couldn’t stop £8.6 million being added to the value of budget airline Flybe yesterday on the back of a set of stellar results.

The co-founder of tonic maker Fever-Tree has earned £29 million by selling 1.5 million shares.

Profits at two of the UK's largest estate agents,FoxtonsandCountrywide, have fallen sharply after a downturn in theLondonproperty market.

Pharmaceutical giantAstraZenecasaw its shares plummet 15 per cent after the failure of a highly-anticipated lungcancerdrug trial.

Assets climb Fund manager Schroders is now looking after a record £418 billion of clients’ assets, after customers pumped in another £800 million in the first half of 2017.

Profits atBThave fallen by more than 40 per cent in the first quarter as costs surrounding the Italian accounting scandal mount.

Lithium was the word this week, with miners of the rare metal seeing strong demand boosted by reports the UK government is pressing ahead with plans to ban sales of new petrol and diesel cars by 2040.

The world’s biggest tech companies face being broken up as they toast a formidable set of sales figures.

British fintech leaderWorldpaywill seek to convince investors in the coming week that the £7.7bn bid by American rival Vantiv is a terrific deal and should not be resisted.

Tobacco firms suffered a sell-off towards the end of trading after US regulators said they wanted to stop cigarettes from being addictive.

The boss of US manufacturing behemoth General Electric is being considered to run the scandal-hit online taxi firmUber, insiders claim.

The boss of Santander has defended slashing interest rates on its popular 123 current accounts after a plunge in new customers.

Lithium, a key ingredient in batteries for electric cars, is found in Chile, China, Australia – and Cornwall?

Profits have plunged at high street retailer Wilko, which is blaming the weaker pound, higher costs and the National Living Wage for the fall.

Rolls-Royce's results this week will be watched closely by investors keen to know if the aerospace giant is on track to generate enough cash to meet its £71billion backlog of orders.

Embattled engineerRolls-Royceis expected to post a boost in half-year profits in results that will be closely watched by investors judging its boss’s turnaround plans.

A British toy maker has seen its annual profits soar 43 per cent after one of its cuddly animals appeared in photographs withPrincess Charlotte.

Fears have been raised that a post-Brexittrade deal with the US could see the UK’s whisky standards watered down.

The UK’s biggest cigarette supplier is seeking new investors as a debt deadline looms.

Investor windfall A £1.5bn share buyback is expected to be announced byHSBCas it begins to run down its cash stockpile.

Banking giantHSBCannounced another share buy-back of $2billion (£1.5billion) on the back of a 5 per cent rise in half-year profits helped by rising revenues, falling costs and fewer bad debts.

Newspaper publisherTrinity Mirrorhas announced an extra £5million of cost cuts this year after reporting falling first-half profits and revenues.

London shares moved higher in another results packed week, which sees a trio of updates from the UK's top banks -HSBC,Royal Bank of ScotlandandStandard Chartered.

EngineerKeller Grouphas seen its North American business hit by a slowdown in spending on high-end flats.

Brexit move Japanese bank Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group is setting up a small Amsterdam office so it can continue serving European Union clients afterBrexit, sources say.

European banks are still risky and have suffered from years of lax oversight, a star fund manager who predicted the global financial crisis has warned.

The FTSE 100 closed up 51.66 points at 7,423.66, although upbeat manufacturing data out of China provoked a mixed performance by resource stocks.

Rolls-Royceshares have steamed ahead today after a jump in large engine deliveries helped the firm swing to a half-year profit.

Profits inTaylor Wimpeyhave dropped by almost a quarter after the firm put aside a whopping £130million provision for customers caught up in the damaging leasehold scandal.

Oil giantBPis back in the black after recording half year profits of £1.2billion.

Asda has spelt out exactly how disastrous 2016 was for its fortunes as it revealed some disappointing annual results today.

The FTSE 100 closed down 12.23 points at 7411.43 in another jam packed session for results and updates.

Shareholders in mining giant Rio Tinto are set to pocket a record interim dividend and a further $1billion (£758million) in share buybacks after the company more than doubled its profits.

The Dow Jones Industrial index hit all-time highs above 22,000 today as shares in tech giant Apple jumped 6 per cent on the open.

Fashion chain Next has revealed that strong online and catalogue Directory sales and  June and July's summer sun delivered a sales boost.

The FTSE 100 closed up 63.34 points at 7,474.77 after the Bank of England held interest rates at 0.25 per cent.

Insurance firm Esure pocketed £21.8million from struggling families who paid their premiums monthly in the first half of 2017.

Mobile operators are calling for major reforms to Britain's planning system so they can erect 500,000 masts for their new super-fast 5G network.

Mining firm Randgold glistened yesterday after reporting a surge in profits as it digs around for its next 'world-class' gold deposit.

Profits at theLondonStock Exchange jumped to £277million in the first half of the year, after it narrowly avoided a takeover by theGermans.

Pioneering electric car maker Tesla burned through almost £1billion in three months as it prepared to bring its hotly tipped Model 3 car to market.

A billionaire who faced insider trading charges has reportedly been blocked from acting for UK investors.

SOFA DEALSofa chain DFS has snapped up rival Sofology in a £25million deal, just weeks after it warned over profits and an uncertain economic environment.

Mobile phone operator Three UK has seen earnings slip as its customer acquisition costs rise and network investment climbs.

Entrepreneur Sir Peter Wood is set to pocket £5m from insurer Esure.

The FTSE 100 closed up 36.94 points at 7511.71 as traders digested an upbeat monthly jobs report from the US.

RBS posted a rare half-year profit today marking a potential turning point in the bank's turbulent history since the 2007 financial crisis.

Education publisher Pearson has announced plans to axe 3,000 jobs as part of a plan to save £300 million per year.

Fund supermarket Hargreaves Lansdown said it has had to cancel a planned special dividend after regulator the FCA told the company to shore up its capital base.

Troubled Royal Bank of Scotland has unveiled first-half profits for the first time in three years – but this was overshadowed by a money-laundering probe.

The billionaire co-founder of Hargreaves Lansdown has slammed regulators after they barred the investment group from paying a £50million dividend.

What is it?Solid State specialises in so-called ruggedized electronics – ruggedized essentially means that the products are designed for use in a harsh environment.

The owner of the London Eye and Madame Tussauds said terrorist attacks had hit visitor numbers at its most popular city centre attractions.

Fears that the Government's Help to Buy housing scheme was about to be scrapped saw shares in housebuilders crumble yesterday.

Drivers pulling off the forecourt in their brand new electric car may think they've just made a purchase which will improve the world.

Pearson is axing 3,000 jobs and slashing its dividend in an effort to revive its ailing business.

Investors ploughed £2.1billion into funds in June as confidence returned to markets.

JOBS BOOSTUnemployment in the United States fell to a 16-year low of 4.3 per cent last month in a sign of strength in the world's biggest economy.

One of France's richest families has taken a significant stake in UK Oil & Gas – the company that stunned markets after claiming it had found vast oil and gas reserves in South East England.

Leading hotel chains are preparing to launch a volley of business rate appeals over the meteoric rise of Airbnb, which they argue has had a huge impact on their business.

The technology industry is warning that new companies will be hit by a multi-million pound funding gap unless the UK remains part of a key international investment scheme after Brexit.

The Rolling Stones had a small part to play in bringing Tom Miserendino to London.

FTSE commodities giant Glencore has been approached by several lenders offering to help finance a $12 billion (£9 billion) takeover of American grain merchant Bunge.

Schools and colleges should recruit more business executives to work as governors to help close the gap in skills and work ethic among many young people, according to the head of the British Chambers of Commerce.

Financier Guy Hands injected £13.3 million of cash into his loss-making country house hotel chain last year, to add to the millions he has already invested in the company.

Usian Bolt may have bowed out of athletics this weekend with his final race at the World Championships in London, but the company that has kept his feet in shape is not planning to rest on its laurels.

Jamie Oliver's restaurant group has signed up to sell an ethical brand of cola.

Fashion chain American Apparel is poised for a comeback.

The FTSE 100 closed up 20.23 points at 7,531.94 as positive sentiment generated from a strong US jobs report has carried over into the new week.

The chief executive ofPaddy Power BetfairBreon Corcoran is to step down after 16 years with the bookmaker.

Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has upped his stake in five-a-side operator Goals.

WEALTH UPBritish household wealth rose to £10.5trillion last year, according to research by Lloyds Private Banking.

The City toasted Plus500 yesterday as the spread betting firm shrugged off a potentially brutal regulatory crackdown to post a stellar set of first-half figures.

A British comic book publisher has become the first company bought by Netflix.

The boss of Vodafone Germany has just bought shares worth £370,000 in the mobile network.

For the second time in a matter of minutes, the private equity entrepreneur who runs Britain's most valuable financial technology group, Worldpay, explodes with rage.

A Pair of billionaire heirs have won the £200million race to snap up the upmarket cycling brand Rapha.

A former British tech star crushed by Apple is about to fall into foreign hands after a major shareholder withdrew its objections to a takeover.

 More than half of the customers of an internet loan firm run by an aristocratic financier are behind on their payments or in default, the Mail can reveal.

Tomorrow marks the 10th anniversary of the 2007 banking crisis.

A growing crisis at Germany's car makers could sink the nation's economy, experts have warned.

The FTSE 100 closed up 10.79 points at 7,542.73 as traders digested a lacklustre trade report from China and a health update on the global economy from the OECD.

OIL companies are pulling out of crisis-stricken Venezuela.

George Osborne's reforms as chancellor made cash Isas less attractive Banks are finally admitting that a change in tax rules is killing off ordinary cash Isas.

InsurerLegal & Generalhas posted a jump in half-year profits, helped by a slowdown in the rate at which average life expectancy is increasing and strong performance in its corporate division.

The FTSE 100 closed down 44.67 points at 7,498.06, joining other top global markets in the red as US-North Korea tensions alarmed traders.

WorldpayGroup has finally agreed a £9.3 billion merger deal with US rival Vantiv in a tie-up that will create a global payments processing giant with a combined value of £22.2 billion.

Global security and outsourcing firm G4S has reported rising half-year sales and profits as the firm's turnaround under chief executive Ashley Almanza continues to pick up pace.

A growing taste for flavoured vodka in Poland helped alcoholic drinks maker Stock Spirits toast stellar growth.

Black boxes which insurers use to monitor driving are too intrusive to catch on across the market, the boss of Hastings Direct has said.

Christopher Bailey, Burberry’s president and chief creative officer, has bought nearly £157,000 worth of shares in the retailer.

Disney will pull its films from Netflix when it sets up its streaming service.

Bosses at British financial pioneer Worldpay have struck a £9.3billion deal to be bought by a US rival after a last-minute management struggle.

The boss of British internet firm Telit Communications has stepped back from the company amid claims he is wanted by police in the US.

A private jet owned by a controversial City financier is thought to have been seized in a legal row with one of his investors.

PETROFAC MOVEOil services firm Petrofac has set up a compliance and ethics committee after being dragged into a corruption probe by the Serious Fraud Office.

Booming demand for its floral print bags in Japan helped fashion retailer Cath Kidston toast soaring sales and profits.

Some of the biggest names in the city are are cashing in on rip-off leasehold deals.

Insurance and pensions company Prudential has announced plans to merge its UK life and pensions business with its M&G Investments asset management arm and warned of job losses.

Facebook is going head to head with TV channels and online rivals YouTube, Amazon and Netflix by launching a video channel.

Lego’s first ever foreign chief executive – a Brit – has been removed after just eight months in the job as the toymaker trades him in for a younger model.

Ivan Glasenberg has gone from stock market zero to hero in record quick time.

Foreign investors have given a massive vote of confidence to the British economy by snapping up £7billion of business premises, estate agent Savills has said.

DEFICIT RISESBritain’s trade deficit climbed to £8.9billion in the second quarter of 2017, up £100million from the previous three months.

Mining tycoon Ivan Glasenberg is eyeing his next fortune – from the electric car boom.

Some would say Roman Abramovich, one of Russia's richest men and the owner of a £308million superyacht, has had his fair share of fortune in this life, but the oligarch once again landed on his feet yesterday.

The FTSE 100 closed down 79.98 points at 7309.96 as US president Donald Trump's aggressive tweets about North Korea continued to drive a sell-off.

Thomson holidays ownerTUIGroupenjoyed a 5 per cent rise in customer numbers in the third quarter, with bookings 'as high as the previous year', despite holidaymakers being hit with higher costs since the plunge in the pound after Brexit.

The Co-operative Bank has seen thousands of customers leave amid uncertainty ahead of its most recent rescue deal.

Cineworld Group's pre-tax profits surged by 57.5 per cent to £48.2million in the six months to June, bolstered by blockbusters like Beauty and the Beast and an extensive refurbishment scheme.

Nationwide Building Society’s profits plunged by 18 per cent in its first quarter as the buy-to-let market slumped following the government's tax clampdown on the practice.

Breedon Group top brass Tim Hall and his wife have taken advantage of a recent lift in the building material supplier’s share price to make £961,000.

PIZZA PARTNERSA partnership between Domino’s Pizza and its London franchise business has been sealed with it taking a 75 per cent stake in a new company.

Hundreds ofAsdastaff could lose their jobs as the US-owned chain battles slumping sales and changing shopping habits.

A drop in the number of customers upgrading their mobile phones led a star broker to slap Dixons Carphone with a double downgrade yesterday.

A pizza oven maker favoured by Bake Off star Paul Hollywood, Richard Branson and the Hairy Bikers has sold a spicy 15 per cent stake to a private equity firm backed by some of Britain’s top corporate executives.

We round up the Sunday newspaper share tips.

An executive at online estate agent Purplebricks sold £288,775 of stock just days before a BBC investigation sent shares plunging.

GAVIN GLOOMA top shareholder has called for BT boss Gavin Patterson to quit following a £530 million accounting scandal in Italy.

The tenth anniversary of the financial crisis has brought about much contemplation after the sector was brought to its knees when in 2007 Northern Rock became the first UK bank to have a run on it for 150 years.

 The much-anticipated £11 billion merger between Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management has been completed.

A £40 million merger which would see British parcels firm DX Group take over the distribution arm of Scottish logistics firm John Menzies has been scrapped.

 Shares in theIsraelitech firm Telit Communications have soared following the departure of chief executive Oozi Cats amid allegations he has connections to American fugitive Uzi Katz.

Burberry's boss has begun a secretive world tour of every single shop as rumours spread that he may be about to axe failing outposts.

Bankers at Lloyds are plotting to sell more investment and pension products to customers.

The boss of a giant new pensions firm has insisted he will be going nowhere as the days of early retirement are done.

Roadside assistance group AA may be heading towards a huge legal battle over the dismissal of its former boss, but one broker thinks it is far from a write-off.

A chief executive ousted over allegations he was on the run from US law enforcement made £24.5million from the tech firm he founded.

TV JOBEntertainment producer STV has hired ITV executive Simon Pitts as its chief executive.

A controversial green energy tycoon dubbed Britain's wealthiest hippy was yesterday accused of plotting the downfall of a rival company having become its largest shareholder with a £10million stake.

Thirsty Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley, who now regrets buying Premier League returnees Newcastle United from Sir John Hall in 2007, says the £55million deal was 'done very quickly' while he was holidaying in the Caribbean.

The maker of mobile phone game Angry Birds is plotting a £1.5billion float on the stock market ahead of releasing a second movie.

A couple who launched a luxury fashion retailer from their boutique in Wimbledon could pocket £600million by selling the firm.

British car dealer Marshall Motors has reported a surge in half year revenue and profit, driven by a sharp increase in used car sales.

 British oil firm Amec Foster Wheeler has offered to sell 'almost all' of its upstream offshore oil and gas servicing assets in a bid to abate competition concerns over its proposed £2.2 billion takeover by Wood Group.

London shares ticked higher as Brexit secretary David Davis set out his stall, calling for a new customs arrangement with the European Union.

Struggling bar operator Revolution Bars Group has rejected a merger proposal from rival nightlife giant Deltic Group despite claims it would create a 'powerhouse group'.

The Grenfell Tower tragedy will hit profits to the tune of around £30 million at social housing and support services provider Mears Group this year as clients delay new projects.

London shares ticked higher as Brexit secretary David Davis set out his stall, calling for a new customs arrangement with the European Union.

A UK private equity firm is helping the skyline of New York rival that of London, ploughing funds into building an observation wheel similar to the London Eye.

OIL PACTOil rig constructer Lamprell has reached an amicable settlement with Schlumberger subsidiary Cameron International over problems with jacking equipment supplied by Lamprell.

The chairman of Diageo has bought more than £1.6million worth of shares in the world’s largest distiller.

The disgraced banker who took HBOS to the brink of collapse is now running Britain's biggest bookmaker – despite not being on the board or officially being handed the top job.

Savers have been flocking to Hargreaves Lansdown to boost their nest eggs, taking customer numbers close to 1m as the broker prepares to introduce cash deposit accounts.

It was popularised by Hollywood beauties such as Audrey Hepburn and Katharine Ross in its heyday, but homeware giant Laura Ashley seemed a shell of its former self yesterday as it put out its second profit warning in under a year.

The bidder hoping to snap up 150 Bupa care homes may load itself with £600million of debt, analysts have warned.

  FTSE 100 firms have been more restrained in their pay proposals for company bosses this year after significant shareholder dissent last year.

 Civil engineer Balfour Beatty swung back into profit in the first half with boss Leo Quinn's turnaround plan showing signs of fruition.

 Profits at car insurer Admiral edged up 2 per cent to £193 million, despite the company being hit by government changes to injury claim payouts.

London shares continued to bounce back from last week’s slump and are now well on the way to repairing all the damage.

Surging debt inChinacould cripple the world economy unless its Communist leaders take action now, the International Monetary Fund has warned.

A truce has been called between the owner of Dulux and an activist investor following a long-running battle over the way the paint maker is run.

Home improvement chainKingfisherposted another quarter of falling sales as strong performance at its trade tools retailer Screwfix was not enough this time to offset a decline at DIY chain B&Q.

It was the training ground for some of the world's most successful business figures, from US magnate Warren Buffett to Netflix boss Reed Hastings – but the end could be nigh for door-to-door sales.

Asda’s turnaround strategy of cutting prices and refreshing its stores is paying off as quarterly sales at Britain’s third biggest supermarket rose for the first time in three years.

Casinos and bingo halls operator Rank Group has posted falling full-year profits and revenues due to exceptional costs and as stricter money laundering checks on his casino customers contributed to a decline in visitors.

Heineken’s £403million takeover ofPunch Tavernshas been given the thumbs up after the competition watchdog accepted plans to sell off some the almost 1,900 newly-acquired pubs to allay fears it could reduce competition.

Investors found Hikma Pharmaceuticals' results a bitter pill to swallow after it failed to say whether its key asthma drug will be sold in the US following a delay earlier this year.

The FTSE 100 has fallen more than 1 per cent today as investors were spooked by a combination of the terror attack in Barcelona and political turmoil in America.

Mapping agency Ordnance Survey is reeling in record revenues with businesses and authorities turning to its pinpoint-accurate data.

A Nordic rival toLondon’s AIM junior stock market is ramping up its campaign to snatch business away from the City.

FormerUberboss Travis Kalanick has branded efforts to oust him from his company’s board ‘a public and personal attack’.

Green deal Australian investment bank Macquarie has completed its purchase of the formerly government-owned Green Investment Bank for £2.3bn.

Investors around the world were sent on a roller-coaster ride yesterday as crisis engulfed the White House and terror struck in Europe.

Booming demand for whisky, salmon and beer around the world has helped UK food and drink exports reach a record high.

Plumbers don’t tend to be shy and retiring types.

Record numbers of tourists are flocking to the UK to take advantage of the weak pound following the Brexit vote.

The entrepreneur who gave his name to Clinton Cards lost almost £1million when his second greetings card business collapsed this year.

Construction giant Carillion is on course for demotion from the FTSE 250 as it prepares to launch an emergency fundraising.

Sir Martin Sorrell’sWPPadvertising group – which counts HSBC, Vodafone, Ford and Coca-Cola among its clients – is likely to report slow growth for the first half of the year when it unveils results on Wednesday.

Competition investigators have been attacked for failing to adequately tackle Tesco’s proposed takeover of wholesale giant Booker.

Drone delivery US retailerWalmartis planning to use drones to deliver its goods.

A bounceback in the mining sector has boosted dividends from UK companies in a year expected to be a record for shareholder pay-outs.

Investment firm Rathbone Brothers has entered talks over a potential takeover of industry rival Smith & Williamson, it confirmed today following press reports over the weekend.

Britain's energy watchdog has warned electricity distribution network operators they could have their revenue slashed if their customer service does not improve.

 French energy giant Total is set to buy the north sea oil assets of Danish firm Maersk as part of a £5.8 billion ($7.45 billion) deal.

 Shares in the world’s biggest independent port operator for cruise ships sank to a record low yesterday after a drop in holidaymakers visitingTurkeyled it to post a loss in its maiden set of results.

Britain's largest home-credit lender had the door slammed in its face yesterday following reports it has become the latest target of aggressive short selling by hedge funds.

Shares in Rathbone Brothers dipped yesterday as investors fretted over a planned £2 billion merger with rival wealth manager Smith & Williamson.

Britain’s biggest doorstep lender was left in crisis today as its chief executive resigned after revealing a botched restructuring has crippled the firm's performance.

LAWYER DEADAn Irish boardroom stalwart for more than two decades, James Osborne has died at 68.

 Booming sales of new-build homes pushed Persimmon shares to record highs last night – setting the scene for a £785 million bonanza for bosses.

A decision by Bank of England governor Mark Carney to send deputy governor Ben Broadbent to this week’s Jackson Hole summit in Wyoming ahead of his other three deputies doesn’t surprise Threadneedle Street insiders.

 You can imagine how flustered the banks were when we mentioned our investigation into their newfangled security features.

 Mike Ashley has increased his stake in ailing Debenhams to more than 20 per cent.

Homeware and clothing retailerLaura Ashley, once popularised by Hollywood beauties such as Audrey Hepburn and Katharine Ross, posted a sharp fall in profits and said it will not pay a full-year dividend.

 Profits at Wood Group have tumbled 86 per cent as work in the declining North Sea basin dries up.

BHP Billiton plans to sell off its disastrous US shale oil and gas division – in a victory for activist investor Elliott which has been calling for a sale.

The City was awash with rumours that another wave of consolidation could be heading for the UK’s gambling sector yesterday.

 Shares in Provident Financial crashed nearly 70 per cent yesterday as it lost its boss, axed its dividend and issued a second profit warning in two months.

 Private equity tycoon Guy Hands faces tough demands on how he spends investors’ cash after his disastrous takeover of EMI.

The world's top central bankers this week meet at the annual Jackson Hole gathering in the US state of Wyoming, and it could be the last thing the pound needs.

Shares in WPP- the world's biggest advertising firm - fell more than 12 per cent this morning after it said that full-year revenues would be lower than forecast as its clients have cut back on ad spending.

CAR TALLYA total of 136,397 new cars rolled off British production lines last month – a 7.8 per cent rise on July last year, according to the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders.

Decades of top-quality stock picking have led Neil Woodford to become one of the most well-known and highly respected fund managers in the UK.

Following the collapse of doorstep lender Provident Financial on Tuesday, this year’s other big flop Carillion took back its all-too-familiar place at the bottom of the FTSE 350 yesterday.

Disgraced doorstep loan boss Peter Crook was advising the City watchdog while it investigated his firm's credit card arm.

Media tycoon Sir Martin Sorrell suffered a £37million loss after shares in his company WPP had their biggest one-day fall since 1998.

Controversial Labour donor Chai Patel has bought 122 care homes from Bupa in a debt-fuelled deal that has raised concerns.

Internet goliath Amazon is on the brink of a dramatic shake-up of the grocery market after shareholders waved through its £10.7billion take-over of Whole Foods.

A drop in the number of customers upgrading their mobile phones has led Dixons Carphone to forecast lower than expected profit this year.

Shares in Revolution Bars were lifted by a fresh bidding war between the owner of the Slug and Lettuce pubs, Stonegate, and Oceana night club operator Deltic Group.

The fight between two nightclub chains for the affections of struggling cocktail bar group Revolution Bars intensified yesterday as rival suitors traded blows.

A surge in 'professional' landlords has boosted profits at Kent Reliance owner OneSavings Bank.

Shares in Dixons Carphone plummeted by nearly 25 per cent  as investors were rocked by another shock profits warning from a top British firm.

Troubled oil services provider Petrofac has been embroiled in further scandal with its chief executive fined for insider dealing.

More homes are being built than at any time during the past nine years.

RECORD FLOWOil explorer Premier Oil said it has hit record production of 82,000 barrels of oil per day, up 34.5 per cent on the previous period, and is upping its production guidance for the year to an average 80,000 barrels of oil per day.

Green energy tycoon and football club owner Dale Vince has lost his battle to win a seat on the board of a rival firm.

Star fund manager Neil Woodford lost another £1.7million of investors' money when he doubled down on teetering doorstep lender Provident Financial after a profit warning.

Britain's biggest energy providers are seeking approval to hollow out mountains to keep the lights on in the UK.

Concerns that US giant Amazon will trigger another supermarket price war by slashing prices at its newly acquired Whole Foods dragged shares in British grocers lower today.

It’s August, so you’d be forgiven for thinking that the star fund managers would be relaxing at their sprawling estates in the south of France.

Tech company Computacenter says it does not expectBrexitto have any ‘major impact’ on business as it prepares to hand back £100m to shareholders.

The former chief executive of online food delivery firm Just Eat has banked nearly £5m after offloading a chunk of shares.

Who’s the most powerful person on the planet?

Christopher Bailey, the former Burberry chief executive, has just cashed in £3.1 million of shares out of £10.5 million of options that came to fruition this summer.

It's 8am in St James's Park in Central London and I'm silently quailing as I limber up alongside Paul Pester, the chief executive of TSB bank, before the two of us head off for a morning run.

Heathrow chief John Holland-Kaye has said he is confident Labour's leadership will back his plan for a third runway despite reports the party is set to turn against it.

The discredited boss of doorstep lender Provident Financial amassed a £40 million personal fortune by selling exorbitantly costly loans to vulnerable, low income families, a Mail on Sunday investigation has revealed.

The retail sector has suffered a chill that has wiped billions from some of Britain’s top firms.

 Millionaire bankers at Goldman Sachs are fighting to overturn rules designed to prevent another financial crisis.

Provident Financial is expected to drop out of the FTSE 100 this week in a reshuffle.

AstraZenecahas confirmed it will expand its biggest British site in a major vote of confidence amid concerns that Brexit will hit pharmaceutical firms.

The closure of local authority gyms as a result of ongoing funding pressures on councils has given a boost to low-cost fitness chain The Gym Group, which posted rising revenues and profits in the first half.

Shares in HSS HireGroup crashed today after the troubled tool supplier posted another poor set of numbers as its turnaround strategy is not yet having a positive impact.

Scandal-hit oil firm Petrofac has slashed its dividend by 42 per cent as it struggles with a bribery probe and a slump in demand.

CRUDE FALLSThe devastation caused in Texas by Hurricane Harvey drove oil prices down 1.1pc to $51.45 a barrel yesterday.

An elite band of bosses running some of Britain's biggest companies are being handed cash perks worth hundreds of thousands of pounds to bolster their enormous salaries.

Marks and Spencer is in talks to sell its shops in Hong Kong and Macau to a Dubai-based conglomerate as it overhauls its international business.

John Browett was unceremoniously dropped as Dunelm's chief executive yesterday after just two years in the job.

The new boss ofUbertold staff at the scandal-hit cab firm that he was a 'fighter' just hours after admitting to his former employees that he was 'scared' to take up the top role.

The Co-op is in talks to buy convenience store chain Nisa in a deal said to be worth £140million.

Housing is to be built on land next to England's largest postal sorting depot in a £190million deal.

Shares in stricken construction hire firm HSS fell yesterday as investors bailed out after another profits warning.

Jimmy Choo, the British shoe designer loved by celebrities including the Duchess of Cambridge, has seen profits more than double thanks to a store revamp and growing demand for its men’s range.

A £2billion merger between two wealth managers has been called off.

There are few more dramatic industrial views in Britain than the bulbous, belching chimneys of the Drax power plant which dominate the North Yorkshire skyline.

A confident update left investors hungry for The Restaurant Group shares yesterday, despite the firm reporting a fall in profits and revenue.

PETROL PRICESThe price of petrol has surged 20 per cent in a week in America after Hurricane Harvey ripped through Texas, knocking out a fifth of US oil refineries.

Political turmoil in Washington could trigger a debt crisis in the United States that would be more devastating to the global economy than the collapse of Lehman Brothers, a credit agency has warned.

Sir David Tang, who has died aged 63, was not without an impish sense of humour.

The biggest rival to scandal-hit doorstep lender Provident Financial has reported a surge in demand as it is boosted by woes at the stricken firm.

The boss of embattled high-street fashion chain New Look has quit the company, it was revealed today.

Pharmaceutical groupIndiviorhas seen nearly 40 per cent wiped off the value of its shares after losing a patent case in the US that could pave the way for rivals to gain the competitive edge.

High-end cinema chainEveryman Mediasaw a 55 per cent rise in sales to £18.8million in the six months to 29 June and is on course to expand its network further.

More than £1bn was wiped off the value of British drug maker Indivior after a bombshell US ruling cleared the way for rivals to push copycat versions of its biggest product.

Britain's supermarkets were given a lift as Deutsche Bank put out a reassuring note on the future of the sector.

The meteoric rise of fitness shoe brand FitFlop continues with sales increasing 10 per cent thanks to strong growth across all major markets including Asia, the US, Europe and the Middle East.

Berkeley Group is braced for a shareholder revolt this week over boardroom payouts totalling £92million – one of the largest pay deals in British corporate history.

Women bosses make up such a tiny portion of chief executives at top firms that they are even outnumbered by men called 'Dave'.

The BBC's enthusiasm for panel shows might be cooling but the company behind one of the most successful series continues to go from strength to strength.

As the chief executive of Carlsberg UK, you might expect to find Julian Momen clutching a pint of its eponymous beer, the UK's fourth biggest-selling lager.

Retail tycoon Mike Ashley has tightened his control of luxury fashion business Flannels by increasing his shareholding.

Provident Financial boss Peter Crook is set to walk away with a £2.4million pension pot.

City grandee Mike Rake is in line for the chairman's role at London-based tech company Pushfor ahead of a possible float.

The European Commission is poised to hit Google with another record-breaking fine over competition concerns about its Android mobile phone software, it has been claimed.

Veteran City fund manager Richard Buxton is leading talks with private equity firms about a takeover of Old Mutual’s £25billion asset management arm.

Tyremaker Pirelli – renowned for its annual calendar featuring some of the world’s most famous models – is set to return to the stock market.

The boss of credit card firm MBNA has been promoted by Lloyds to oversee a push of consumer lending.

Business is booming at Britain's factories as manufacturers cash in on the fall in the pound following theBrexitvote.

The owner of Magners cider and Tennent's lager is to snap up hundreds of pubs as it becomes the latest brewer to buy big chains.

Stock exchange newcomer Destiny Pharma soared 38.5 per cent in its first day of trading.

Star fund manager Neil Woodford has poured another £4million into crowd-funding firm Seedrs.

Consumer goods giant Reckitt Benckiser is facing a management exodus as it grapples with weak sales and the fallout of a crippling cyber attack.

RBS WARNINGLoss-making NatWest owner Royal Bank of Scotland could be hit with a £4billion fine from the Department of Justice, RBC Capital analysts have warned.

Shareholders in Reckitt Benckiser have had few reasons to complain in recent times.

Elon Musk is so convinced solar roof tiles are the way forward he has stuck them on his house.

ECONOMY GROWINGBritain looks set to clock up another quarter of economic growth – confounding warnings that the Brexit vote would trigger a painful recession.

The boss of one of Britain's biggest housebuilders was nearly £50million richer last night as the company cashed in from Help to Buy.

Cardiff-based tech firm IQE hovered close to a record high yesterday as rumours that its software will be heavily featured in the new iPhone reached a fever pitch.

A British tech darling working on Hinkley Point nuclear plant was on the brink of being snapped up by overseas rivals last night.

Around 36 jobs supported by the UK's oil and gas sector were lost daily last year as it battled falling oil and gas prices and dwindling reserves.

The boss poached to revive female fashion at Marks & Spencer has vowed to give shoppers the styles they want.

Russian billionaire steel magnate Alexander Abramov has pocketed £4.7million from selling shares in steel firm Evraz.

Crisis-hit doorstep lender Provident Financial was boosted by major shareholder Schroders when it snapped up another £7.1million stake in the business.

Shares in low-cost airline Ryanair fell today after it said changes to its bag policy would cost it over €50million per year.

 McCarthy & Stone, the retirement home builder, has enjoyed record annual sales, following a 25 per cent slump in profits during a half-year of Brexit-related uncertainties.

Sir Martin Sorrell completed his 33rd deal of the year yesterday – the latest in an extraordinary buying spree that has seen him expand his sprawling advertising empire by striking an average of one agreement a week.

 The boss of British tech darling Aveva is set for a £1.5m bonus after agreeing its takeover.

 Britain’s biggest housebuilder raked in record profits last year – despite building only 76 more homes than in the previous year.

Investors in Vectura were left gasping for breath yesterday after the inhaler maker reported crippling losses in the first half of the year.

Top money manager Neil Woodford has issued an apology for his fund’s disastrous performance – admitting it had been an ‘incredibly painful’ few months.

One of the UK's leading financial services comparison websites, Money.co.uk, has been bought for £140million by the owners of property portal Zoopla.

 The owner of Southern Rail, Go-Ahead Group has posted a a 5.7 per cent drop in pre-tax profits after a series of industrial disputes and falling passenger numbers.

Rising revenues couldn't protect Bovis from a 31 per cent first half profit drop after by a string of costs from defended takeover attempts and customer compensation claims.

Trinity Mirror, the publisher of the Daily Mirror, is in talks to acquire Richard Desmond's Northern & Shell titles, which include the Daily Express, Daily Star, OK!, new!

The founder of comparison website Money is set for a £140m windfall after agreeing to sell it to the owner of Zoopla.

Shares in pub chainGreene Kingare down over 14 per cent to 564.5p this morning, as the group announced sliding sales in its latest trading update.

Bosses at Berkeley Homes cashed in more than £40million of shares as they reached record highs.

Fewer drinkers spent their summer afternoons down the pub this year due to the rising price of booze and drizzly weather, according to Greene King.

One boast frequently heard in the financial community is that London leads the world on corporate governance.

Dulux owner Akzo Nobel has issued a profit warning just three months after fending off a £22.5billion takeover approach from American rival PPG.

Farfetch is gearing up for a £4billion stock market float.

NEST EGGSDemand for traditional pensions is continuing to slump in the wake of rules giving pensioners more freedom on how they spend their nest egg, Hargreaves Lansdown said.

Asos is planning an onslaught on the beauty market that will eat into the market share of Superdrug, Boots and the department stores.

 Owners of Adele’s record label XL Recordings shared a £20 million dividend last year as the singer’s 2015 album 25 continued to break sales records.

A startup that personalises children’s books has been named Britain’s fastest-growing private tech firm.

Strong sales at low-cost fashion chain Primark enabled the retailer's ownerAssociated British Foodsto boost its full-year profit forecast.

Shares in crisis-hit construction firmCarillionare down over 4 per cent to 42.08p, after the group announced its finance boss has quit.

US investment bank Goldman Sachs is gearing up to launch savings accounts and loans in the UK from next year, reports claim.

No one realised the collapse of Northern Rock was the start of a full-blown financial crisis, the former head of the City watchdog has revealed.

The chief executive of Hornby is to step down after investment fund Phoenix Asset Management seized control of the model toy maker and began an overhaul of its strategy.

A row over a plan to sell AA's insurance arm to a rival sparked the bust-up that led to the sacking of chairman Bob Mackenzie, it has been claimed.

The UK firm behind kitchen brands such as Russell Hobbs and Salter went off the boil yesterday after warning that it is unlikely to grow revenues in its 2018 financial year – despite only being six weeks into the period.

The group commercial and business development director of Travis Perkins and his wife have cashed in a combined £128,000 worth of shares in the home improvements firm.

The finance director who helped unearth major problems at embattled Carillion is leaving after less than one year in the job.

Harry Potter-inspired clothing and pink flamingo pool inflatables helped Primark avoid the pitfalls of its High Street rivals.

Fitbug, the fitness tracking start-up once worth £296million, has been sold to an Australian firm for just £50,000 after years of being decimated by rivals such as Apple and Fitbit.

Sterling hit a 12-month high against the dollar yesterday as investors bet the Bank of England will be forced to raise interest rates to tame rising inflation.

Digital currencies such as bitcoin are 'very high risk' and savers should be prepared to lose all their money if they invest in them, according to the City watchdog.

The maker of Dulux has opened a state-of-the-art paint factory in the UK as it pledges its commitment to creating more British jobs.

Ashtead is expecting a boost from the hurricanes that have devastated the US.

Nearly £177million worth of profit-taking by bosses at Redrow and Cairn Homes led housebuilders to fall across the board yesterday, as investors became increasingly worried that the sector's top brass are calling the top of the market.

The chief executive of Cairn Homes made £9million by selling off shares in the Irish housebuilder.

Credit card companies face a crackdown on interest-free offers after it emerged more than half of borrowers have no idea what rate they will pay when the deal expires.

BUDGET DAYThe nextBudgetwill be on Wednesday, November 22, the Chancellor has announced.

Troubled engineer Carillion introduced tougher rules that protect bonuses paid to bosses – just months before it was embroiled in an accounting crisis that wiped £600million off its shares.

Plans for the AA to merge its insurance business with Hastings have been called off.

A Royal Bank of Scotland executive charged with ensuring the giant bank abides by the law is facing an embarrassment following an accounting bungle at her private business.

 EasyJet has launched a service that will allow passengers to book long-haul trips via its website.

Housebuilder Galliford Try has promised to stop bidding for risky, large projects after a massive charge on two its legacy contracts led profits to collapse by nearly 60pc last year.

Profits at the owner of high-end supermarket Waitrose and department store John Lewis have more than halved as consumer spending in its stores slides.

Morrisons is celebrating a remarkable turnaround in fortunes posting a £200million profit in the six months to July 30th.

US PresidentDonald Trumphas blocked theChinesefrom buying a US-based chipmaker – in a move many think should be echoed in the UK.

Northern Rock board members were ordered out of their beds by the Bank of England as they slept through last-ditch efforts to prop up the stricken lender, it was revealed yesterday.

Next is to become the latest High Street name to offer prosecco bars and hair salons in a bid to snare customers.

Sterling hit its highest level for more than a year against the dollar last night as the Bank of England set the scene for an interest rate rise before Christmas.

Profits at John Lewis have slumped after it was hit by one-off costs, including investment in its website, improvements to stores and redundancies.

A sales and profits bonanza at Morrisons has been hailed as one of the greatest high street turnarounds following a four-year slump.

Yet another profit warning sent shares in support services group Interserve down by more than 50 per cent in less than an hour yesterday, wiping £114.4m off the firm’s market value.

Deutsche Boerse has agreed to pay penalties worth more than £9m to settle an insider trading investigation against its boss.

Shares inJD Wetherspoonare up nearly 10 per cent, amid rising profits and sales, as the company's pro-Brexitchairman used the interim results report to hit out against the 'oligarchs of theEU'.

Britain should judge Rupert Murdoch’s bid for broadcaster Sky on facts and not politics, or risk stifling investment after Brexit, his son and fellow executive James Murdoch said yesterday.

A boost in catering and retail supply saw wholesaler Booker toast rising sales.

An up-and-coming Polish fashion chain has opened the doors on its first UK store - the old BHS flagship site on London’s Oxford Street.

The UK's Financial Conduct Authority has refused to publish the full contents of a leaked report delving into the scandal-hit restructuring unit at Royal Bank of Scotland.

KPMG has cleared out its top team in South Africa after it became embroiled in a fraud scandal that has already destroyed public relations firm Bell Pottinger.

CALLING TIMEBritain's top taxman Edward Troup is retiring.

Pioneering UK fashion websites have helped fuel an exports bonanza that has seen a record £9billion of goods sold overseas.

Easyjet has joined the rush of those bidding for insolvent rival Air Berlin.

Low-cost health and fitness business The Gym Group flexed its muscles yesterday by buying 18 gyms from rival Lifestyle Fitness in a £20.5million deal.

 The row between British tech star Imagination Technologies andAppleis set to intensify after the Silicon Valley titan unveiled the new iPhone model to millions of fans.

The owners of smash-hit cartoon show Peppa Pig are facing a backlash over a potential £7.6m no-strings share award and bumper pay rise for long-serving boss Darren Throop.

A second Chinese firm has joined a growing list of foreign investors eyeing a stake in a troubled £15bn nuclear power plant planned for the Cumbrian coast.

Oil firm Shell is planning to open its first UK electric car charging point next month.

The UK’s largest wallpaper maker – whose range includes designs by Julien MacDonald and Kelly Hoppen – is eying markets in the Far East, South America and India to defend itself against uncertainty elsewhere.

Insurance stake Tycoon Sir Peter Wood is reportedly exploring selling off his controlling 30.7 per cent stake in car insurer Esure.

Shares inBAE Systemswere hovering near a two-month high after Qatar's defence minister signed a letter of intent to buy 24 Typhoon aircraft from Britain.

Petra Diamonds’s shares fell as the miner missed its production target and said the Tanzanian government had still not returned a key parcel of diamonds.

The soaring cost of cream did little to dent sales at Dairy Crest.

Gama Aviation is being sued for £6.1m by a former director.

With increasing numbers doing their supermarket shopping online, UK-basedOcadohas seen its sales rise in the past few months.

Struggling fashion retailerFrench Connectionagain failed to turn a profit and its sales slid further in the last half, but there is a chance the chain's fortunes could be on the up.

The former boss of GlaxoSmithKline has joined US biotech venture-capital group Hatteras Venture Partners.

A surge in demand for denim and knitwear helped French Connection cut losses as it prepared to open its first shop in a decade.

The man who guided Reckitt Benckiser through more than a decade of stellar growth is stepping down after criticism by investors.

Bosses at scandal-hit Equifax could be hauled before MPs after it emerged a security disaster gave hackers undetected access to 400,000 British consumers’ details for two months.

Analysts at broker Jefferies sent housebuilders higher yesterday after reiterating their faith in the sector despite a spate of bosses appearing to call the top of the market.

BREXIT PLANSAsset management consultant MJ Hudson has opened an office in Luxembourg to prevent any disruption afterBrexit.

Tough rules are being drawn up that could finally stem the tide of foreign predators taking control of British companies, nuclear plants and tech pioneers.

Norway's sovereign wealth fund is worth $1 trillion for the first time after its value was boosted by soaring stock markets around the world.

Toys 'R' Us became the latest victim of the slump on America's Main Street as the company filed for bankruptcy protection.

Tainted KPMG has been cleared of wrongdoing over its failure to spot the collapse of toxic bank HBOS.

Chinese-owned high-street department store House of Fraser sunk to a loss of £8.6million in the first half of this year, having made a £900,000 profit at the same point a year ago.

Kingfisher, which owns DIY brands B&Q and Screwfix, has seen its share price rise over 7 per cent to 316.7p this morning.

Indian steel company Tata Steel and German rival Thyssenkrupp have agreed to merge their European operations into a 50-50 joint venture, putting 4,000 jobs at risk.

The former owner of BHS asked for his trial to be delayed as he had not seen a court summons because he was on a boat without internet access.

EX- SPY APPOINTEDSpecialist insurer Hiscox has recruited the former boss of GCHQ as it looks to keep pace with the world’s biggest cyber threats.

The UK’s oldest brewery toasted stellar full-year results, as growing demand for premium British ales helped it sidestep weakness in the wider pub and bar sector.

Andrew Mackenzie, chief executive of troubled mining giant BHP Billiton, saw his pay more than double.

Chinese billionaire Yuan Yafei has coughed up £25million to help ailing fashion chain House of Fraser after it suffered an embarrassing slump in sales.

Bosses at outsourcer Mitie could lay off another 480 workers after they admitted the costs of overhauling the struggling business could be £9million more than expected.

Never one to rest on his laurels, former GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) boss Sir Andrew Witty has taken on his second role in as many days.

Reversible kimonos and sweaters embellished with faux pearls helped to drive bumper sales at Zara.

Tech giantGoogle's parent company Alphabet has signed a $1.1billion (£815million) deal with embattled Taiwanese smartphone maker HTC.

Mitchells & Butlers, which owns All Bar One and Harvester chains, has seen its share price slip over 5 per cent this morning amid weak sales in the last two months.

Deliveroo's grey and turquoise box-bearing cyclists have become so ubiquitous around the UK's towns and cities it is hard to imagine the firm was only formed in 2013.

The Co-operative Group's underlying pre-tax profits slumped by 48 per cent in the six months to July 1, it revealed today.

Capita Group'sshare price has slipped over 10 per cent after announcing a 26 per cent drop in half-year pre-tax profits to £28million.

The Co-op has sold its final 1 per cent stake in Co-op Bank, provoking fresh calls for it to be stripped of its name.

Tech giant Microsoft is poised to park its tanks on rival Apple’s lawn with a new flagship store in the UK.

Shares in chemical maker Johnson Matthey hit their highest value in 11 months yesterday after it announced plans to position itself at the forefront of the rapidly growing electric car market.

One of Britain's few female chief executives is stepping down after 12 years at energy firm Drax.

Banks, insurers and other financial companies created almost 120 jobs every day over the past three months, making a mockery of Remainers' claims of a massBrexitexodus.

BANK BAILOUTAnother Russian bank — B&N, the country’s 12th-largest lender — is being nationalised as regulators seek to head off a looming financial crisis.

Janet Yellen has plotted a steady course for the US economy as the crisis-era stimulus begins unwinding.

Capita shares plunged by 11 per cent as it faced a profits slump and a revolt from angry staff over pensions.

One of the City's leading property agents is changing jobs after tying up deals worth more than £3billion in the past year.

The cricket-loving boss of Compass is standing down after presiding over a surge in its share price during his 11 years at the helm.

Billionaire Sir James Dyson bagged another multi-million-pound payday after his company handed out £111million in dividends.

Over-50s travel and insurance firmSagasuffered a 6.3 per cent drop in pre-tax profits in the first half of 2017 as cost pressures took their toll.

Googlehas upped the stakes in the war for smartphone supremacy with an £810million deal that will see it poach 2,000 staff from struggling electronics firm HTC.

MADE UPShares in French cosmetics giant L'Oreal climbed 2.5 per cent following the death of 94-year-old billionaire Liliane Bettencourt, whose family owned 33 per cent of its stock.

Over-50s specialist holiday firm Saga has brought forward the launch of a new cruise ship due to surging demand.

Bosses at Britain's biggest tech company are in line for a payday of nearly £270million in a Silicon Valley-style bonanza.

Premier Veterinary Group looked as sick as a dog yesterday as it issued a massive profit warning after flopping in the United States.

Tourism in Britain is booming, with travel bosses celebrating their best visitor numbers since records began.

An enraged  bitcoin trader has made an official complaint about JP Morgan boss Jamie Dimon for labelling the digital currency a 'fraud'.

Tescochief executive Dave Lewis is in line for an £860,000 windfall if the retail giant reintroduces its dividend payment next month.

Arron Banks is poised to pump more cash into his Isle of Man bank as he launches a major push in secured business lending across the UK.

BUY THIS:Go-Ahead Group Jefferies thinks it is time to buy shares in public transport firm Go-Ahead Group.

Formula One racing team McLaren slumped to a £6million loss last year – down from a £4million profit in 2015.

The disgraced bankers who brought Lloyds to the brink of collapse through its catastrophic takeover of HBOS are being hauled before the High Court to explain themselves.

BORROWING FEARSOne of Britain's oldest engineering companies is sitting on debt of £1.2bn, accounts reveal – 12 times earnings at Staffordshire aerospace firm Doncasters.

Beleaguered retailer Toys R Us has been thrown a lifeline by suppliers who pledged to stay on board after the firm filed for bankruptcy protection.

The South African families behind the price comparison website Comparethemarket.com have been handed a £138million payout.

Aldi will open an extra 70 stores this year - and 274 more in total over the next five years - as bargain-hunting British shoppers send sales soaring.

Global consumer goods giantUnileverhas struck a deal to acquireSouth Koreancosmetics company Carver Korea for £1.9billion.

PAYOUT GLEEBosses at MJ Gleeson have scooped more than £3million in dividend payments after Help to Buy spurred record sales of the constructor’s new homes.

Harvey Nichols's boss will be stepping down at the end of the year to serve part-time as deputy chairman of the department store group.

The founder and chairman of Michelmersh Brick Holdings has sold £656,250 worth of shares.

A cyber attack on one of the world’s biggest accountants was last night feared to have exposed some of Britain’s blue chip companies to hackers.

Oil soared to its highest level for more than two years on global commodity markets last night.

Aldi's profits tumbled by nearly a fifth as the supermarket price war took its toll.

Barratt Developments’s boss has become the latest housebuilding top dog to sell a huge chunk of shares in their own firm.

The newly privatised investment bank that was founded by the Government to develop renewable energy in the UK has quietly ditched this country.

No tears were shed by investors in Boohoo yesterday, with broker Panmure Gordon issuing an enthusiastic 'buy' note on the Manchester-based fashion website days before its first-half results.

The long-serving accountant of rock legends Deep Purple has been disqualified after he siphoned off at least £2million of the band’s cash.

Thomas Cook expects the cost of holidays to popular destinations like Spain to rise next year as the pound is set to remain weak.

Apple's suppliers were hit by an early morning sell-off on the back of rumours that the tech giant is starting to get cold feet ahead of itsiPhoneX launch in November.

Billionaire Mike Ashley's profits plunged as he reeled from the relegation of Newcastle United and a scandal at Sports Direct.

Lloyds has been attacked for betraying staff over plans to shift 1,000 pension workers to an outsourcing business.

MOVIE STARSUS start-up Dreamscape Immersive, which is backed by Steven Spielberg, is developing technology to digitally transport cinema-goers into the scenes of movies they are watching.

The AA has hung the ‘for sale’ sign over its driving schools, road signs and maps divisions in a bid to reverse a chronic fall in fortunes.

Spanish holidays will be more expensive next year, Thomas Cook has warned.

Equifax's boss has quit following a massive hack which exposed the private details of 400,000 Britons and 143m Americans to cyber-criminals.

Irn Bru maker AG Barr toasted soaring sales after the Scottish drinks firm won over customers south of the border.

A watchdog will reveal for the first time its links with the accounting firms it regulates, in a victory for the Mail.

The boss of MJ Gleeson is in line to pick up shares in the regeneration specialist worth £1.4million.

Northgate's finance chief has been convicted of assault and sacked by the van hire company.

Chocolate tastings and product ranges with less sugar helped Hotel Chocolat double its profits over the last year.

Shares in online fashion retailer Boohoo.com fell by 8 per cent this morning despite upgrading its revenue guidance after posting a set of buoyant results.

Shares in embattled infrastructure companyCarillionrose nearly 20 per cent today after reports that a firm from the Middle East is interested in acquiring it.

Investors piled into struggling builder Carillion yesterday after rumours of a takeover by a Middle Eastern business.

The boss of the firm behind Peppa Pig suffered an embarrassing blow last night as investors revolted against plans to hand him a no-strings £7.6million bonus.

Ryanair has abandoned its bid for Alitalia after its ongoing shortage of pilots forced it to cancel thousands more flights.

DRUG FLOPAn £820million bet on healthcare company Roivant Sciences by Softbank was dealt a blow after its subsidiary Axovant announced its treatment for Alzheimer’s disease did not work.

The sale of British chip maker Imagination Technologies to Chinese government-funded buyers edged closer after a rival bidder dropped out.

Troubled roadside assistance firm AA was helped back on track yesterday after receiving a major vote of confidence from fallen star fund manager Neil Woodford.

EasyJet is to launch free in-flight movies as part of a modernisation drive.

Holiday groupTuiexpects its annual earnings to rise by 10 per cent this year, despite forking out significant money for cancellations and rebookings following hurricanes inFloridaand the Caribbean.

Lloyd's ofLondonconfirmed it had already paid out 'significant amounts' to cover claims following the recent hurricanes which hitFlorida, Texas and the Caribbean.

Payday lending firm Wonga has seen its annual losses fall from £80.2million in 2015 to £64.9million, with the group saying it is on track to make a profit in 2017.

Donald Trump has been accused of waging war on global trade rules as Theresa May warned of 'creeping protectionism' around the world.

Thousands of homeowners facing crippling ground rents feel they have been taken advantage of again – despite promises that they would finally get a fair deal on their leases.

Profits at H&M have fallen 20 per cent as it struggles to keep up with fast-paced changes in online fashion shopping.

The future of Ford's factory in South Wales was thrown into doubt last night after Jaguar Land Rover ended an engine contract three months earlier than planned.

The men behind gambling site Foxy Bingo have made £12.3million by selling shares granted in a long-term investment plan.

The co-founder of online fashion retailer Boohoo spooked investors with the sale of £10.7million in shares.

Tech company Telit Communications cut its earnings forecast yesterday, still reeling from the loss of its chief executive over the summer following the revelation that he was on the run from US authorities.

GIN FIZZMichael Spencer, chief executive of broker NEX Group, is backing Westmorland Spirits, maker of Gilpin’s gin.

One of Britain’s biggest wholesalers is on the brink of a takeover after cigarette firm Imperial Brands injected emergency cash to help pay its debts.

Carillion could be forced to cut thousands of jobs after the troubled builder slumped £1.2billion into the red.

PIER PERFORMANCEThe owner of the famous seaside attraction, Brighton Pier Group, saw profits rocket 278 per cent to £3.5million in the year to June 25, from £900,000 the year before.

Military defence giant Qinetiq pulled itself out of no man’s land yesterday, confirming that it is still trading in line with expectations despite shares being shelled after this year’s snap general election.

Britain smashed foreign investment expectations and increased exports according to a major revision of official figures.

Disgraced car maker Volkswagen is facing another £2.3billion bill over its cheating of diesel emission tests.

HSBC has been fined £130million for 'unsafe and unsound' practices in its currency trading business.

Luxury online shopping firm Net-a-Porter is to roll out a fashion-picking robot that will put together outfits for customers based on their future plans.

Lloyds Banking Group is mulling a legal action against the Lloyds Trade Union over the use of its name.

Sherbet Fountains, Dip Dabs, Black Jacks and Refreshers might seem like a blast from the past but sweet manufacturer Tangerine Confectionery is still turning a profit from these childhood favourites.

The clan behind the River Island clothing business has paid itself a £90million dividend from its vast property and investment empire.

Ryanair chief executive Michael O’Leary has clashed with rival Norwegian Air after the bombastic airline boss made unsubstantiated claims that the Scandinavian carrier may be financially vulnerable.

It might seem unwise to rely on the British summer, but Blackpool Pleasure Beach has stopped taking out insurance against the weather.

Nightclub owner Peter Stringfellow paid tribute to Playboy founder Hugh Hefner this weekend, calling him ‘iconic’.

We round up the Sunday newspaper share tips.

Online investment management service Nutmeg saw losses widen last year as it continued to invest heavily, and said it may need to raise more cash to continue its expansion.

The owner of Monarch made desperate calls to rivals in a bid to sell the struggling business in the days before it collapsed.

Ford dealers across the UK are hiring 1,000 technicians to support its push into self-driving cars, and electric and hybrid engines.

Shares in housebuilders forged higher yesterday afterTheresa Maypledged to plough another £10billion into the controversial Help To Buy mortgage scheme.

Squabbling mobile phone companies have been accused of holding back the UK’s digital future as they fight a legal wrangle over faster networks.

FISHY BUSINESSFishing equipment retailer Angling Direct has snapped up rival Fosters Fishing, a superstore located on the outskirts of Birmingham, for £3m.

Jamie Oliver lost more than £8.4million last year after weak demand across his Italian restaurants forced him to close a number of branches.

Workers at vulture fund Elliott Management pocketed an average £835,000 each last year after it muscled into a string of huge deals.

The billionaire who co-founded Hargreaves Lansdown, Britain’s largest trading website, has sold £190million of shares after a year in which the stock has come close to record highs.

Rumours that IQE's software will feature heavily in Apple's products had pushed up shares in the tiny Welsh chip maker by around 800 per cent since July 2016, from 17p to 156p last month.

Greggs provided a tasty trading upgrade today as it posted a healthy rise in third-quarter sales and said it was expanding its healthy range.

Losses at the world’s oldest stamp business Stanley Gibbons more than doubled last year as it admitted that its future lies in the hands of the bank lending it money.

Takeover target Revolution Bars has posted falling annual profits and blamed September’s rainy days for a slowdown in sales this Autumn.

British manufacturers grew at a slower pace last month and look set for a squeeze on margins as they face increased costs pressure due to a mix of the weakened pound, rising commodities prices and increased supply-chain pressures.

Shares in plumbers’ merchant Ferguson were flying to the top of the FTSE 100 risers chart today after a solid set of full-year figures, a 10 per cent hike to its dividend and a new £500million share buyback programme.

Colman's is leaving its historic site in Norwich as the mustard-maker's owners Unilever prepare to pull the plug on a factory that has been producing the condiment for more than two centuries.

MONEY MAKINGFundraising website group Seedrs has raised £6million from more than 2,000 savers in just five days.

N Brown's boss has revealed she will only look at a shortlist of job applicants if it includes women.

Troubled Hornby has named the chairman of rival model company Oxford Diecast as chief executive.

Steelworkers are calling for billionaire Ratan Tata to step in to help thousands of vulnerable pensioners they believe are at risk of poverty under a new pension scheme.

Plumbing supplier Ferguson stormed ahead yesterday after announcing plans to buy back £500million worth of shares following the release of a strong set of results.

Demand for bum-moulding 'zero-gravity' leggings saw Sweaty Betty toast rising sales and profits.

One of the world's biggest fund managers has launched a massive shake-up of fees charged to investors amid pressure for more transparency in the industry.

Tescohas reported a surge in half-year profits and rising sales after its strategy of keeping prices low amidBrexit-fuelled inflation paid off.

Shares inTopps Tilesfell over 5 per cent earlier this morning, after the Leicester-based company issued a profits warning ahead of its full year results.

Shell has pulled out of a £677million deal to sell its Thai gas field stakes to Kuwait.

More than £1billion was wiped off the value of energy companies after Prime MinisterTheresa Mayannounced long-mooted plans for a price cap on energy bills to help households save money.

Ford has begun steering away from building traditional cars to keep up with rivals that have embraced interconnectivity and greener engines.

Rightmove boss Peter Brooks-Johnson has cashed in 62,336 shares in the firm for more than £2.5million.

BREXIT BOOSTBritain has clocked up a fifth quarter of growth since the Brexit referendum in June last year.

FormerUberboss Travis Kalanick's grip on the boardroom was weakened yesterday.

Spanish shares and bonds fell yesterday after Catalan leaders pledged to declare independence following Sunday's referendum.

The Government's role in the trade dispute between US aerospace giant Boeing and Canadian rival Bombardier is being investigated by MPs.

The owner of Guinness is planning to redevelop part of the historic St James's Gate Brewery in Dublin into homes, offices and shops.

Tescowill finally begin paying investors a dividend again as it set aside £82million while toasting rising sales.

A transition deal onBrexitmust be nailed down byChristmasor City firms will shift staff overseas, a Bank of England chief has warned.

Annual profits at sofa retailer DFS have slumped by 22.3 per cent to £50.1million as it continued to struggle to get customers through the door.

Wholesale bosses are battlingTesco's £3.7billion takeover of Booker, warning that it could put them out of business.

American rapper Jay-Z has become the latest musician to allow his concerts to be watched in virtual reality after striking a deal with a British tech firm.

A Dutch finance firm yesterday outlined plans for one of the biggest flotations on theLondonstock market this year in a major vote of confidence inBrexitBritain.

Merlin Entertainments soared to the top of the FTSE 100 yesterday amid rumours it had put in a bid for part of Sea World's business inFlorida.

Investors have been urged to oust James Murdoch as chairman of Sky amid claims 21st Century Fox’s £11.7billion bid for the British broadcaster poses a major conflict of interest.

Uber's profits in London had soared by 65 per cent before the taxi app firm was threatened with a ban in the capital.

Struggling doorstep lender Provident Financial has lost thousands of staff to rivals, a competitor claimed yesterday.

SIGNING OFFThe former finance director of embattled builder Carillion is stepping down from the board of estate agent Countrywide.

The boss of Britain’s biggest housebuilder has trousered more than £3.3million after the company made record profits.

EasyJetcarried a record 24.1million passengers on its planes in the three months to 30 September, a trading update revealed.

Insurance firm Aviva has snapped up a majority stake in Wealthify, an investment service targeting millennials and those who are new to investment.

ITV is demanding more than £140million a year for use of its main channel by pay TV rivals.

The owner of Maryland Cookies and Wagon Wheels is locked in talks over a potential merger with Fox’s Biscuits, according to reports.

BID BATTLEUS cement maker Summit Materials has muscled in on Irish building materials firm CRH's £2.7billion bid for Ash Grove Cement.

Hollywood Bowl is on course to grant a special dividend to shareholders after a makeover of its bowling sites saw sales and earnings soar.

Bidders vying for Unilever’s spreads have less than two weeks to submit an offer.

Mining titan Rio Tinto sparked traders’ interest with rumours it was mulling the sale of Europe’s biggest aluminium smelter.

Two brothers behind a string of NHS call centres will pocket up to £4.7m each after selling up.

BUY THIS:Hollywood Bowl After a strong second half of the year, Investec says Hollywood Bowl is likely to post expectation-beating results.

CALLED OFFA sale of fashion chains Oasis, Warehouse and Coast has been cancelled.

Trinity Mirror has experienced a decline in third-quarter revenue as talks continue to acquire Northern & Shell, the owners of the Daily Express and Star newspapers.

A blunder revealed by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) in measuring labour market data could have implications for interest rates.

Collectables specialistStanley Gibbonshas been around since 1856 but its future independence, if not its very survival, must be in doubt.

Domino's Pizza has labelled itself 'The Official Food Of Everything' and latest reports would suggest that customers are in agreement.

Awful trade data for August today saw the pound fall against the euro and increased tension over the UK's future trading relationship with theEuropean Unionpost-Brexit.

The Chancellor received a double whammy of bad news today as both the UK’s economic watchdog and the IMF said they would have to slash UK growth forecasts.

Struggling outsourcing firm Capita has hired the ex-boss of oil services firm Amec Foster Wheeler as chief executive.

TheSouth Africanowner of an upmarket burger chain blamedBrexitfor a 11 per cent plunge in its shares yesterday.

Three tycoons who were embroiled in the Icelandic financial crisis are plotting a comeback by floating their food business on theLondonStock Exchange.

The owner of Costa has paid £35million to seize control of its business inChina.

Unions are calling on the Government to step in after defence firm BAE confirmed plans to cut more than 1,900 jobs.

A rift between fund manager Neil Woodford and his long-time supporter Jupiter Asset Management has gripped the markets.

CAREFUL CHOICEPrimary care property developer Assura has appointed the former chair of NHS Improvement as a non-executive director.

The chairman of British Gas owner Centrica is following the boss’s lead.

Anyone who uses the internet for banking should change their passwords immediately.

A chronic lack of supply of 'affordable' homes inLondonwill help boost the financial prospects of property developersTelford Homes, the company has claimed.

Honda are the latest UK car makers to investigate the safety of their vehicles amid a growing scandal around supplier Kobe Steel.

Successful partnerships with rivals and a popular advertising campaign saw sales at fashion retailer Quiz soar.

BANKING BOOSTSpanish lender Santander could be a big beneficiary of a £425million banking competition fund – even though it's one of the biggest banks in Europe.

A gingerbread shop in the heart of the Lake District has hired a Cantonese speaker to talk to the booming numbers of Chinese tourists in the region.

Heathrow Airport is developing a match-making app for trucking firms so they can share lorries to deliver cargo and curb pollution.

Outraged MPs have demanded to know how 15.2m personal records of UK consumers were hacked in a huge cyber security disaster.

The world's oldest metal exchange is looking to start trading a chemical compound for electric cars.

Today marks the 25th birthday of the FTSE 250, and the UK mid-cap index celebrated in style, reaching a record high of 20,167.78.

Insulation and roofing group SIG has hired a new chairman.

The FTSE 100 closed at a new record high today as the pound's continued weakness encouraged investors to snap up shares on the London stock market.

Sky and its chairman James Murdoch have been given a bloody nose by independent shareholders in what could be its last AGM before 21st Century Fox takes it over.

Oil giant Shell has bought New Motion, the Dutch owner of one of Europe’s largest electric vehicle charging networks.

Just Eat's takeover of rival online takeaway ordering firm Hungryhouse looks set to be spared a full-blown investigation.

Stuart Gulliver’s controversial reign atHSBCis coming to an end after the bank appointed insider John Flint to replace him early next year.

Embattled lingerie chain Agent Provocateur is set to leave £28million in unpaid debts.

A former marketing chief at Tesco saw his pay rocket 654 per cent after securing lucrative deals with John Lewis and Asda.

Lloyds has swooped on a £15billion workplace pension business owned by Zurich UK as it fights for a greater share of retirement industry business.

A bank of England crackdown on cheap credit cards and loans is already affecting banks, according to the latest figures.

Top bankers at Lloyds knew about a massive fraud for a decade but bullied victims to try to silence them, a police commissioner has claimed.

The owner of online fashion retailers Simply Be and Jacamo has joined forces with Amazon to sell its clothing.

GAMBLING GROWTHOnline gambling firm GVC Holdings raked in £2.3million a day from punters during the three months to September 30, up 10 per cent from a year earlier.

 Troubled subprime lender Provident Financial has revealed that it will book losses of up to £120 million at its home credit business and it won't be paying a dividend this year.

 Engineering firm GKN has warned that profits will only be 'slightly above' 2016 with two external claims expected to set things back to the tune of £40 million.

Samsung Electronics CEO Kwon Oh-Hyun has made a shock resignation in the midst of what he calls an 'unprecedented crisis'.

Shares in challenger bank Aldermore took off on Friday after the lender revealed that it has received a £1 billion-plus takeover approach from South Africa's FirstRand.

Not so long ago, Range Rovers were condemned as gas-guzzling Chelsea Tractors by militant environmentalists.

Shares in challenger bank Aldermore Group rocketed as it confirmed it was in talks to be bought by South African lender First Rand.

Amazon is to open a new warehouse in Bolton, creating 1,200 new jobs in the process.

Troubled doorstep lender Provident Financial granted investors a reprieve yesterday, as bosses insisted a clean-up operation was on track.

DOLLAR SALEInsurer Aviva is selling its Taiwan business for $1 (75p) to Taiwanese partner First Financial Holding as it scales back in less-profitable areas.

Pharma giant GlaxoSmithKline is hailing a breakthrough in artificial intelligence technology which could slash years from the time it takes to make new drugs.

A booming British fashion brand loved byBeyonceandKim Kardashianis considering a stock market float.

SOARING SALESOnline fashion retailer Asos is expected to report a 35 per cent rise in sales to £1.9 billion on Tuesday, with profits also expected to grow 24 per cent to £79.3 million.

Lidl has unveiled plans for a new warehouse in Peterborough as part of a £1.45billion investment in the UK.

Convatec has seen its shares tank after the wound-dressing maker warned over full-year revenues amid supply and regulatory certification problems.

A growing number of young people are in debt and having to borrow money to cover basic living costs, the chief executive of the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) has warned.

Britain is £490billion poorer than previously thought and is dangerously low on foreign assets, according news reports.

 Amazon,Appleand other tech titans are seeking to steal payments business from banks, the boss of Barclays has said.

Restaurants flourishThe owner of Zizzi, Ask Italian and Coco di Mama restaurant chains saw its sales increase last year after refurbishments attracted customers.

ERNST & Young has been fined £1.8mILLION by Britain's accounting watchdog for failures in its audit of a tech company.

A top executive has quit Nex Group after the trading firm warned profits would be lower than expected.

A car finance lending binge by Lloyds has left it dangerously exposed to a downturn in the market, experts warn.

Airline EasyJet yesterday submitted a bid for some of Alitalia’s assets.

Medical technology firm ConvaTec saw its share price fall more than a quarter after it warned on revenue growth.

As a Lloyds Banking Group shareholder I arrived back from the International Monetary Fund annual meeting in Washington to receive my first dividend payment in almost a decade.

Luxury smartphone maker Vertu is plotting a comeback despite going bust owing more than £42.6million to 327 creditors and amid an investigation over transferred assets.

Merlin Entertainments, the owner of Alton Towers  and Madame Tussauds, has seen its shares plunge after it revealed the full extent of the drop in visitor numbers it had seen as a result of the recent spate of terror attacks in the UK.

Online fashion retailer Asos defied the squeezed on consumers and struggles of other retailers as it more than doubled its profits and raised sales forecasts for 2018.

Shares in FTSE 100 education publisher Pearson jumped today after it moved its full-year profit expectations to the upper end of its previous guidance.

Bombardier's Northern Ireland workers hope that a fresh deal with Airbus could safeguard 1,000 jobs in Belfast.

Sainsbury's is axing 2,000 jobs as part of a major cost-cutting drive.

Oil firm Shell is opening its first electric car charging points in the UK to keep pace with the global shift away from fossil fuels.

Shares in budget airline Flybefell by 15 per cent this morning after it issued another profit warning, blaming higher-than-expected maintenance costs for its planes.

Reckitt Benckiser, the group behind consumer brands like Durex and Nurofen, has cut its growth forecasts again after seeing sales fall as a result of a recent cyber attack and ‘challenging’ markets conditions.

Mining bosses misled investors and their own board to try to hide the rapid drop in value of a mining project, prosecutors allege.

Shoppers spent £2.1bn at Harrods during its last financial year as the pound’s fall triggered a stampede of foreign buyers seeking luxury goods.

Low-cost airline Flybe warned a rise in maintenance costs had affected its bottom line.

The FTSE 250 hit a record high last night in a boost for millions of savers who have money tied up in the stock market.

Consumer goods giant Reckitt Benckiser is set to spend billions on takeovers as it separates its health and hygiene home divisions.

Families were ‘mugged’ by Lloyds directors in a disastrous takeover of HBOS which cost them their life savings, the high court was told.

Unilever, the firm behind Ben & Jerry's ice cream and Marmite, blamed hurricanes in the US and poor weather in Europe for a slowdown in sales in the third quarter.

A Native American tribe is suing Amazon and Microsoft after accusing the tech giants of breaching patent laws.

TheLondonStock Exchange’s boss is leaving after his mega-merger plans were wrecked by an insider trading probe, stubbornBrusselsregulators and greedy German politicians.

Two of Britain's largest banks face corruption probes after being accused by former Cabinet minister Lord Hain of money-laundering in South Africa.

The boss of embattled miner BHP Billiton has come out fighting against an attack from vulture hedge fund Elliott.

Office tycoon Mark Dixon was nursing a £237million loss last night after a bruising profits warning sent shares in his company crashing by a third.

The chairman who presided over BP's handling of the Deepwater Horizon disaster is retiring.

City grandee Sir Christopher Gent spent nearly £83,000 buying shares in Convatec after it lost more than a fifth of its value in a day.

Troubled outsourcing and construction groupInterserve’sshares bounced back 12 per cent in morning trading after the firm announced it has won a new £227million Government contract.

The owner of Holiday Inn bounced back in the wake of last year’s terror attacks in Europe and the recent hurricanes that battered the Caribbean and the US with solid third quarter sales.

Debt collector Cabot Credit Management is to float for £1billion on theLondonStock Exchange – overseen by the chairman of payday loan firm Wonga.

John Lewis has vowed to reinvent the department store as the retailer fights back against the threat of online shopping.

FRAUD CHARGEFormer Rio Tinto chief financial officer Guy Elliott has stepped down from the UK Takeover Panel after fraud charges in the US.

A Hedge fund boss nicknamed ‘Mr Copper’ is suing Barclays for £650million over claims it rigged the metal markets.

I have led a charmed life,’ Tim Bell muses from the sofa of his beautifully decorated Chelsea townhouse.

Economic growth rose in the third quarter of the year in the latest signs Britain is benefiting from global expansion, official figures are expected to show.

Edinburgh-based Amati Global Investors is a boutique investment house that does not set out to be all things to all people.

Debenhams chief executive Sergio Bucher has embarked on a major overhaul of the company’s strategy to bring more ‘excitement’ into its stores up and down the country.

Private hospital company Spire Healthcare could be sold to a South African rival.

ITALIAN TROUBLETelecoms firm BT is poised to overhaul its international division in the wake of an accounting scandal in Italy and other costly setbacks.

Spire Healthcare, one of Britain's biggest private hospital operators, has rejected a £1 billion takeover bid, claiming it 'undervalued' the group.

Prime Minister Shinzo Abe received a resounding vote of confidence from theJapanesepeople over the weekend and his snap election victory cheered investors both locally and further afield.

Dr Martens growing popularity in Asia has contributed to a 25 per cent increase in revenue during the year ending in March.

The Financial Conduct Authority has fined US bank Merrill Lynch £34.5million for failing to report £68.5million in exchange traded derivative transactions over a two year period.

Pendragon shares dropped by 18 per cent today to 23p after it revealed it had seen a slump in demand for new cars and cut its profit forecast.

Investors slammed the brakes on Pendragon as the car retailer warned of a fall in demand for new cars.

 A city fees bonanza is on the horizon as a flurry of companies plot stock market listings.

Shares in scandal-hit Spire Healthcare rocketed after the private hospital group rejected an ‘opportunistic’ takeover offer from a major shareholder.

HBSC’s appointment of company lifer John Flint as its next chief executive fulfilled my long-held prediction the job would go internally.

Whitbread, the owner of Costa and Premier Inn, posted another set of strong results despite a slowdown in sales at its café chain.

Bloomsbury Publishing posted rising revenues as it continues to benefit from the unrestrainable success of Harry Potter as well as other titles and the launch of new digital resources.

Shares in troubled infrastructure giant Carillionjumped over 10 per cent today after it announced the sale of a large part of its UK healthcare arm to rival Serco and said its lenders have agreed to lend it more cash.

St James's Place recorded a 42 per cent leap in net fund inflows with investors pouring £2.36bn of fresh cash into the FTSE 100-listed wealth manager's coffers in just the three months to September 30.

The Japanese economy was the envy of the world in the Seventies and Eighties.

PROFITS BLOWDespite a sales boost, Carpetright expects profits for the half-year to fall below the year before.

The AA is demanding its ousted chairman hand back more than £1.2million in bonuses due to an alleged altercation that has only now come to light.

 Passengers will be able to fly to America from Southend from the end of this month.

Lloyds Banking Group has revealed its third quarter profits were more than double the same period last year as the lender returned to much better shape than it has been used to in recent years.

Applehas hired formerBBCOne and Channel 4 executive Jay Hunt as it looks to take on traditional TV studios and digital rivals Netflix and Amazon by developing its own shows.

 GlaxoSmithKline could swoop on the consumer healthcare arms of US rival Pfizer andGermany’s Merck.

 Lloyds Bank has been accused of putting the squeeze on customers to boost its profits at a time of record-low interest rates.

Cyber-security outfit Defenx saw its share price almost halve after a profit warning yesterday.

Metro Bank has proclaimed it is taking a ‘revolution’ to the streets of Peterborough and Swindon.

 Marks and Spencer’s clothing chief has quit just weeks ahead of the crucialChristmastrading period.

Barclays has reported a strong rise in third quarter profit and announced proposals to ring-fence its retail banking operations.

High-street department storeDebenhamshas seen its annual pre-tax profits fall by 44.2 per cent to £59million.

Metro Bank saw profits jump in the last quarter as it continued to attract more customers, increased its lending and opened its 50th branch in the UK.

Amazon is launching a service that will enable couriers to open customers’ front doors and leave deliveries inside.

The world’s biggest international tobacco firm is eyeing a tenfold increase in revenue from e-cigarettes and other smoking alternatives.

An improving online performance has helped high-end department store Selfridges to an 18 per cent rise in annual profits, which stand at a record £180million.

Merlin Entertainments is opening a new Legoland theme park inNew Yorkin 2020, as the Dorset-based group's plans to expand internationally continue apace.

Merlin Entertainments is to invest £265m in opening a Legoland theme park in New York as it presses ahead with global expansion.

The administrator for collapsed airline Monarch is seeking a judicial review to allow it to sell the ill-fated carrier’s take-off and landing slots.

Fears over the health of the High Street intensified last night after Debenhams reported a 44 per cent slump in profits.

Increasing passenger numbers and investment in technology are doing the trick at National Express.

Bombardier is axing 280 jobs in Belfast as its row with Boeing continues to brew.

Jes Staley’s blueprint to transform Barclays suffered a setback yesterday as investors wiped £2.2bn off the bank’s value following a slump at its trading arm.

British Airways(BA) owner International Airlines Group (IAG) overcame the extreme weather and terrorist attacks that have hampered the tourism industry, with its pre-tax third quarter profits soaring 22.5 per cent to £1.2billion.

Bailed-out Royal Bank of Scotland is set to clock up a decade of losses as bosses await a multi-billion pound fine from the US Department of Justice.

Spanish markets dropped yesterday as Catalonia declared independence – setting the stage for a clash with the national government.

IAG is circling the assets of downed rivals after cheaper fuel boosted profits.

The former head of the City watchdog will have to give evidence publicly on Lloyds’ controversial takeover of HBOS, in a victory for the Press.

Bosses at luxury housing developer Berkeley Group cashed in another £48million of shares a day before stock dipped amid a gloomy sector report.

 Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has become the world’s richest man after the value of his shares in the internet giant surged by £6.7billion.

Investors in the US have been asked to give fund managers the green light to invest in companies that ‘contribute to genocide’.

AN historic interest rate rise this week, the first for a decade, would risk a ‘disproportionate response’ from consumers just weeks before theChristmasrush, experts have warned.

Britain could miss out on hundreds of millions of pounds worth of investment in improving phone signals and mobile internet speeds ifBrexituncertainty drags on, the boss of O2 has warned.

 AstraZenecawas last night accused of funding a terrorist militia responsible for killing British soldiers in Iraq.

BT chief Gavin Patterson is expected to come under renewed scrutiny this week as the firm battles to recover from a series of setbacks.

The boss of Britain’s biggest tech firm is to become the best-paid FTSE 100 executive thanks to a £24m bonus.

Bookshop chain Waterstones could be put up for sale by its Russian oligarch owner.

The former owner of failed airline Monarch admitted it has a ‘moral obligation’ to repay taxpayers the cost of repatriating customers who were left stranded while on holiday.

Bank failure Andrew Bailey, chief executive of the Financial Conduct Authority, is to face a grilling by MPs over its investigation into how Royal Bank of Scotland’s restructuring unit – GRG – treated small business customers.

HSBCbooked a 448 per cent rise in profits as its increased focus on Asia paid off.

Contemporary fashion retailer AllSaints posted a 20 per cent rise in annual sales but blamed a decline in profits on its entry into the Japanese market.

EasyJet shares rose after it signed an agreement with insolvent AirBerlinto acquire part of its operations at Berlin Tegel airport for €40million (£35million).

 The amount of stocks being shorted on the FTSE 350 has pushed past its post-Brexitspike to reach the highest level in over two years.

Shares in Ryanair rose this morning after the budget airline looked set to beat last year’s record profits despite taking a €25million (£22million) hit from the flight cancellations fiasco over the past couple of months.

Shares in BP hit three-year highs this morning as it announced a $1.6billion share buyback scheme after it posted a better-than-expected rise in profits.

Online food delivery firm Just Eat lifted its sales outlook today after continued success of its Canadian business helped third quarter revenues higher.

Men employed by the City watchdog earn a fifth more than their female colleagues.

One of the City’s most venerable trading traditions could come to an end if electronic deal-making systems are adopted at theLondonMetal Exchange.

Dulux's owner has revealed it is in talks to merge its paints business with an American rival – months after fending off a takeover bid from another US firm.

A bitter stand-off with unions and declining letter volumes hung overRoyal Mailyesterday as its shares took a battering.

HOTEL BOOSTBudget hotel chain Travelodge wants to team up with 210 local authorities as part of a local regeneration scheme.

Activist investors and consultants demanding cost cutting have hammered sales growth at WPP.

BP has unveiled plans to become an electricity supplier for businesses.

Christopher Bailey is quitting Burberry after 17 years at the luxury brand.

 Royal Bank of Scotland bosses delayed the release of a report into a controversial business turnaround unit by objecting to its findings.

Next shares fell more than 7 per cent this morning after the retailer's third quarter sales grew by less than analysts expected, as the group blamed the weather for making trading 'volatile'.

Addiction treatment maker Indivior lifted the markets as its experimental drug to fight opioid addiction was endorsed in the US.

Facebookprofits soared in the third quarter as it brought in more than $10billion from advertising.

The gulf between Britain's exports to the EU and the rest of the world is getting bigger, according to official figures.

BUILDER BOOSTShares in British builder Morgan Sindall rose after it raised its earnings forecast for the year for the second time in four months.

Next has warned of a sales collapse in the run-up toChristmas, sparking fresh fears for the High Street and sinking the shares of retailers.

Traders wiped £1.5billion off the value of Standard Chartered yesterday as the bank unveiled a jump in its running costs.

Household names are planning a shopping revolution by cutting out supermarkets and selling direct to consumers.

The billionaire Barclay brothers have lost a long battle with HMRC after the Supreme Court ruled the taxman does not owe them £1.25billion.

Morrisons saw its eight consecutive quarter of rising sales as it outpacesTesco, Sainsbury's andAsdaand its customers took advantage of its price cuts and.

Royal Dutch Shell has become the latest oil giant to see profits shoot higher thanks to a recovering oil market.

Scandal-hit bank HSBC ignored internal warnings about money transfers out of South Africa by the billionaire Gupta family, a peer has claimed.

Rising prices have helped Shell’s overall profit rise by 34 per cent.

Gambling software firm Playtech lost nearly a quarter of its value yesterday after warning profits for the full year will fall below expectations.

Mark Carney clashed with two of his deputies as the Bank of England yesterday raised interest rates for the first time in more than a decade.

Apple shares roared in after-hours trading last night after bosses predicted the newiPhonewould trigger a £67bn sales bonanza.

Morrisons has vowed to keep food prices the same as lastChristmas.

A revamp at luxury fashion brand Hugo Boss has seen sales rise by 3 per cent.

Two companies have scrapped billion-pound plus plans to list on theLondonStock Exchange (LSE) over concerns about 'market uncertainty' and 'volatility'.

Thousands of BT staff face having their retirement nest eggs cut as chief executive Gavin Patterson moves to rein in the firm’s pension scheme deficit.

TheLondonstock market has closed at a fresh record high just a day after the Bank of England raised interest rates for the first time in a decade.

Unilever is snapping up Starbucks' specialty tea brand Tazo for £293million.

Cinema's showing the latest Stars Wars film will be forced to give 65 per cent of their ticket sales back to Disney.

The FTSE 100 ended the day at a record high of 7560.35 points amid strong services sector figures and a fall in the pound after Thursday’s Bank of England announcement.

Famed for his McLaren F1 supercar, a host of Formula 1 racing cars, and his flat-pack Ox truck for developing countries, cult car designer Professor Gordon Murray has set up a new manufacturing arm to produce his own 21st-century supercar.

PAIR JAILEDTwo fraudsters have been jailed for stealing £7.5million from 193 vulnerable and elderly people by selling them worthless land.

Britain's biggest bank hiked its profit margins by fiddling with borrowing and savings deals while interest rates languished at record lows.

A top City investor has called for the chairman of the London Stock Exchange to quit – accusing him of forcing out chief executive Xavier Rolet.

Bets in the City against three of Britain’s biggest high street retailers have topped £1billion as investors try to cash in on the decline of traditional shopping.

Fashion website Missguided, which launched just eight years ago, has been valued at £700million amid speculation the owner may be planning a stock market float.

Barclays is due in court this week as it battles to delay a £1.2billion legal showdown with City financier Amanda Staveley over the Middle Eastern fundraising that helped keep it afloat during the financial crisis.

Energy giant ContourGlobal is pushing ahead with plans for a stock market listing valuing the company at almost £2billion.

Investors hoping forMarks & Spencer’s long-anticipated revival in profits will have to wait a little longer as the nation’s biggest clothing retailer is this week expected to reveal another slide.

One of the City’s most respected takeover advisers has issued a stark warning thatBrexitcould have an adverse effect on bids and deals.

Marks & Spencer is poised to plough on with its store closure programme as it reveals half-year results on Wednesday.

Betting giant Ladbrokes Coral has been fined £2.3million after ‘failing to interact’ with two customers who gambled away £1.3million playing its online games, some of which was stolen money.

Shares in challenger bank Aldermorerose today after its board agreed to a £1.1billion takeover bySouth Africa's FirstRand.

TheLondonStock Exchange has refused to deny it forced departing chief executive Xavier Rolet out aftersuch claims were advancedby a major shareholder over the weekend.

London's stock market closed at a new high today - the second record close in a row.

 Amazonis shutting two Whole Foods stores in the UK – just three months after taking over the healthy grocery chain.

Major companies have been told to treat their top tech programmers like rock stars and celebrities by pampering them with perks.

The former boss of Lloyds has denied his takeover of toxic HBOS during the financial crisis was a ‘rescue’ mission to save the failing lender.

 Rare London has gone bust leaving almost £2m in unpaid debts after the fashion retailer’s risky strategy of giving free clothes to celebrities failed to pay off.

 It was a bad day for the automotive industry as latest data showed UK car sales fell for the seventh consecutive month.

 Theresa Mayis taking on US PresidentDonald Trumpin a growing battle to host the float of £1.5 trillion Saudi oil giant Aramco.

Traders are betting that the price of coffee will fall further following heavy rainfall in Brazil and bumper harvests in Honduras and Uganda.

High street fashion chain New Look was the latest retailer to warn of ‘tough’ trading conditions for retailers as it swung to a loss in in its first half of the year.

Shares inApplechip-maker Qualcomm jumped 4.5 per cent in early trading after it received a takeover bid from rival Broadcom worth around £99bn.

Demand for Primark's cheap clothes and the opening of new stores continued to fuel double-digit profit growth at its parent companyAssociated British Foods, along with a strong recovery at its sugar business.

Energy suppliers Npower and SSE are in talks on a merger which would create a new giant in the UK gas and electricity marketplace.

New Look's returning boss has admitted sales suffered because the fashion retailer tried to be too 'young and trendy'.

Hobbs has become the latest British retailer to fall into South African hands after it was bought by The Foschini Group.

HOUSING HOPEThe first interest rate rise for more than a decade will not dent the housing market, claims mortgage lender Halifax.

Customers could face a fresh squeeze on their energy bills after two energy giants confirmed plans for a mega-merger worth around £7billion.

The Walt Disney Company’s plans to buy large parts of 21st Century Fox from Rupert Murdoch would create a Hollywood powerhouse with the might to dwarf its rivals in Tinseltown.

Sales have rocketed at Apple supplier Dialog Semiconductor as consumers showed no signs of falling out of love with the iPhone.

Nervous traders wiped £231.2million off the value of G4S yesterday after the security company warned of sluggish demand in India and the Middle East.

Brexit provides British food producers with ‘significant opportunities’ to sell their goods abroad, said the boss of one of the UK’s biggest retail groups.

Imperial Brands is ramping up its vaping business as it fights back against a decline in tobacco sales.

Marks & Spencer has revealed it will speed up closures of its clothing stores and open fewer Simply Food outlets than planned following another drop in profits.

JD Wetherspoon has posted a 6.1% increase in first-quarter sales as it contends with rising costs.

Persimmon, the second largest house builder in the UK, has seen its shares drop by 3.4 per cent on the back of its quarterly trading update.

The British boss of Deutsche Bank has warned he could slash nearly 50,000 jobs in a battle to get the troubled German lender back on track.

Sainsbury's, which is Britain's second biggest supermarket, saw its underlying pre-tax profits fall 9 per cent to £251million in the first half.

Burberryshares slumped after the fashion brand revealed it is shutting outlets in department stores and locations it deems are not luxurious enough in a bid to attract only the most well-heeled customers.

Low-cost airlineFlybehas seen its profits nearly half in the last six months, dragged down by a one-off IT contract and aircraft maintenance costs.

Vodafoneis ramping up its bid to shake up the UK's broadband market after announcing a tie-up withLondon-based wholesale fibre firmCityFibre.

Shares in estate agents and housebuilders crumbled following a set of poor results and a major survey pointing out weak foundations in theLondonmarket.

Burberry's new boss is taking the brand further upmarket by closing stores and axing products that aren't luxurious enough.

It was the second payday for bosses at sports betting agency GVC Holdings this week, as the firm’s chief executive and chairman cashed in on £13.2million in shares.

A successful advertising push helped Superdry toast a surge in half-year sales.

One of the City’s top investors has demanded a shareholder vote to sack London Stock Exchange chairman Donald Brydon.

BREXIT PLEACatherine McGuinness, policy chairman of the City of London Corporation has called for Britain to cough up billions of pounds to Brussels for a Brexit trade deal, saying no deal would put finance firms’ £71.4billion annual tax contribution at risk.

Halfords is facing a £25million hit from the slump in the pound because it ships its bikes into the UK from overseas.

City financier Guy Hands is in line to lose £450million as his efforts to turn around struggling care home Four Seasons look set to end in disaster.

British taxpayers will back a £1.5billion loan to Saudi oil titan Aramco – as the Government tries to woo the company to float inLondon.

Many of Britain's small army of middle-class private investors are likely to be partial to a spot of hummus  - and now they have the chance to add some dip to their investment portfolio.

It’s not very often that you see a company on the junior market raise a sizeable chunk of money by issuing shares at the going rate, but that’s exactly whatIQEdid on Friday.

Britain's construction sector technically entered recession for the first time in five years today as output slumped, new official figures show.

 The FTSE 100 suffered its worst day of trading in two weeks as it was weighed down by a gloomy outlook for the High Street, combined with results from retailers that did little to allay investor concerns about the sector.

CHRISTMAS SHOPDiscount supermarket Lidl has opened a £55 million distribution centre in Exeter – creating 500 jobs in the process.

HERO Archie Norman, 63, M&S chairman Marks & Spencer’s results might have been so-so, but the chairman gave an honest, well-received speech, admitting Britain’s favourite retailer has been ‘drifting and under-fulfilling its promise for fifteen years’.

Plumbing supplier Ferguson has sold its Nordic building materials business to US private equity firm Lone Star Funds for €1billion (£885million).

John Morgan and Jack Lovell were 21-year-old graduates when they decided to start their own business, fitting out offices for American banks moving to London.

Isle of Man-based tycoon Trevor Hemmings likes to stay out of the limelight but behind the scenes he is determined to recoup some of his RBS losses.

Ultimo – known for its plunging bras, underwear and swimwear – has revealed losses for its last financial year and warned that it will not make a profit this year asBrexitlooms.

Inflation jumped to a five-year high in October, official figures are expected to show this week, as prices continue to surge following sterling’s Brexit plunge.

A biotech company pioneering blood cancer treatments is to unveil a tie-up with Oxford University this week, a month after listing on the London Stock Exchange.

Housebuilder Taylor Wimpey said it is on track to hit its annual targets as it continued to benefit from high demand for housing, low mortgage rates and the Government's Help to Buy scheme.

Betting giant Ladbrokes Coral reported rising revenues in its third quarter as strong growth at its digital arm and in Europe offset falling sales at its UK stores.

Uberlooks set to take a big step on the path towards becoming a public company after a consortium of investors led by Japanese tech firm SoftBank agreed to invest billions in the transportation app.

The owners of Britain’s largest water companies used offshore tax havens as they loaded up the firms with £24bn of debt.

Energy supplier Npower had £427m wiped off its value last night – as it prepares to merge with a rival.

Troubles within the UK defence market sent shares in Ultra Electronics tumbling yesterday as the contractor issued a stark profit warning.

 Booming demand for rent-friendly furniture has helped boost sales at Ikea.

Billionaire media mogul Richard Desmond is set to bid for the rights to run theNational Lottery.

Brewers have worked up a thirst for Vietnam’s booming beer industry as stakes in two of the country’s biggest players go up for sale.

Shares in Tesco jumpednearly 5 per cent this morning after the competition watchdog gave the green light to its £3.7billion deal to buy food wholesaler Booker.

A key £11bn order for plane maker Airbus appears to have stalled at the last minute.

Toy giant Hasbro has made an approach to acquire rival Mattel in a multi-billion pound bid that would create a global powerhouse.

Thousands of potential conflicts of interest have been flagged at the Bank of England after an internal probe.

ITV continued to see falling advertising revenues in its third quarter as companies continued the cut back on spending, although it said it expects that to rebound in the current quarter.

Shares in housebuilder Bovisclimbed a little after its third quarter results showed a small improvement in sales and it said profits will see a 'significant' improvement next year.

Shares in Vodafone have surged after the telecoms giant swung to a half-year profit and upped its growth outlook despite pressures in its India business.

Britain's largest banks are cherry-picking which savers will get the full benefit of this month's base-rate rise.

Expansion has come at a cost for luxury fashion website Farfetch.

Tainted bankHSBCis handing over £269million to theFrenchto settle claims it helped shady Swiss banking clients evade taxes.

The City watchdog has urged punters not to bet on online currency bitcoin – warning they could be at risk of huge losses if they get caught out.

Housebuilders were back in favour yesterday as investors cheered bullish updates from two of the sector’s biggest players and looked to the Chancellor for a Budget boost.

Retail veteran and ex-Tesco boss Sir Terry Leahy is stepping down as chairman of discount chain B&M.

Shares in price comparison website Go Compare rose by 10 per cent last night after it rejected a £460million bid from Zoopla owner ZPG.

TINTO TORYConservative treasurer Sir Mick Davis is in line to be the next chairman of mining giant Rio Tinto.

The US is set to become the ‘undisputed world leader in oil and gas’ after an unprecedented boom in domestic production.

A war of words broke out last night after regulators approvedTesco’s £3.7bn merger with Booker.

The boss of Vodafone launched a scathing attack on BT yesterday as he vowed to take the company on in the race to give millions of households cutting-edge internet connections.

Strong market conditions, healthy demand from buyers and 'attractive' mortgage deals have given two of Britain's biggest housebuilders,Barratt DevelopmentsandCrest Nicholson, a boost.

FTSE 250 listed telecoms firmTalkTalkhas seen its share price plunge over 17 per cent this morning after reported a half-year loss and reduced earnings expectations.

The Bank of England cannot be expected to delay interest rate hikes in light ofBrexit, the deputy governor has warned.

Anglo-South African financial services giantOld Mutualhas said it is targeting a spin-off and stock market float of its wealth and investments business for 'early 2018' under new brand 'Quilter'.

Premier Foodshas seen its share price rise over 7 per cent after revealing a narrower half-year pre-tax loss of £1.2million, down from the £8.7million loss suffered a year ago.

Steve Munford, the non-executive chairman at security firm Sophos, has pocketed more than £4million after he cashed in 750,000 shares in the Oxford-based company.

Sir Charles Dunstone saw £33million wiped off the value of his TalkTalk shares after the firm crashed into the red.

A water firm has been slammed for handing more money to its owners than it spent on upgrading equipment.

Oil giant BP kick-started its share buyback programme yesterday, the first time a major European oil firm has resumed repurchases since prices slumped in 2014.

Eleven care homes at financier Guy Hands’ struggling business are rated inadequate by the health watchdog.

A topTescoshareholder last night attacked the supermarket giant’s plans to merge with Booker in a £3.7billion deal.

A clash between three of the City's biggest names erupted again last night as a top investor stepped up a campaign against theLondonStock Exchange.

The world's two biggest aeroplane makers ramped up their battle for the skies as they sold jets around £58billion.

ASTHMA APPROVALDrugmakerAstraZenecahas won US approval for a treatment for severe asthma.

A merger between Tesco Opticians and Vision Express will not face a deeper probe after Britain’s competition watchdog accepted efforts to address concerns over the deal.

Redditch-based engineering firmGKNhas seen 10 per cent wiped off the value of its share price after announcing its incoming chief executive is leaving the group with immediate effect.

Royal Mailhas admitted the company and its staff are facing a 'difficult time', as the group's half-year profits fell by 30 per cent to £77million.

Pension advisers have pocketed £715million by persuading savers to give up their guaranteed income in retirement.

The son of the founder of industrial services firm Unaoil faces extradition to the UK to face charges as part of an escalating bribery probe into the firm.

Upmarket fashion company Ted Baker has bucked the slowdown on the High Street.

The clock was ticking for Spire Healthcare and Mediclinic International yesterday after shares in the companies dived on predictions that an awaited takeover was likely to fall through.

The boss of Britain's biggest bicycle-maker has warned the anti-Brexitcampaign is causing small businesses to panic and damaging the economy.

Engineering firm GKN has ditched its incoming chief executive while warning it could have to write off a further £130million.

Insurance giant Prudential saw new business profits jump by nearly a fifth as higher interest rates bolstered sales across the US and Asia.

REVENUE BOOSTDefence firm Qinetiq said it makes 26 per cent of its revenue outside the UK, up from 21 per cent last year, as its international business expands.

Engineering and tech firm Siemens is set to cut about 6,900 jobs as it struggles to adapt to the huge growth of renewable energy.

A hedge fund's bet that toxic debt is back has helped kill off one of the year's biggest stock market floats.

 Borrowing costs will stay close to record lows despite this month’s hike in interest rates amid ‘intense competition’ among mortgage lenders, according to the boss of Nationwide.

American suitors are eyeingRupert Murdoch’s 21st Century Fox business amid signs the media mogul is preparing to break up his empire.

Shares in Sky took off on Friday following reports that Comcast and Verizon were eyeing assets owned by 21st Century Fox, which owns a stake in the telecoms company.

Shares in crisis-torn Carillion nearly halved in value yesterday after it issued a third profits warning in just four months and sounded the alarm over its spiralling debts.

Hornby is going cap in hand to investors for the third time in three years.

 Britons will spend £7bn overBlack Fridayweekend, but the splurge could leave retailers with a headache ahead ofChristmasas shoppers return truckloads of unwanted items.

A personal concierge service that promises to secure tables in exclusive restaurants and tickets for coveted music events plans to raise up to £35million on the stock market this week.

The Dutch government has been accused of waging 'war' on the UK and usingBrexitto lure Marmite-maker Unilever away fromLondon.

A New York stock market listing for Pret A Manger appears to be facing delays.

Retailers are braced for a brutal festive season which is already sending jitters through the stock market and driving share prices to record lows.

EasyJet is expected to report a trading boost from the woes of rivals this week as its boss Carolyn McCall bows out.

Fashion chains Coast, Warehouse and Oasis have all revealed falling profits just weeks after their owner called off a sale.

Mind Candy, maker of the children’s web game Moshi Monsters, has secured £760,000 in funding to stay afloat.

The stand-off between investors and the board of theLondonStock Exchange is set to escalate as directors prepare to publish evidence they say shows outgoing boss Xavier Rolet was overly domineering.

Jumping juniper Rocketing demand for artisan spirits has boosted independent craft gin and vodka.

Departing boss of easyJet, Dame Carolyn McCall, will leave with a £5million goodbye as she jets off to run ITV.

Care home operator Four Seasons is facing administration as its main lender and private equity owner clash in a £136million tug of war.

Profits atiPhonemicrochip designer ARM Holdings plunged for second quarter in a row after its former chairman admitted he regretted selling the business to the Japanese.

Shares in private hospital group Spire Healthcare tumbled after a takeover talks with Mediclinic International fell through.

Outsourcing firm Mitie is facing a fresh investigation into its accounting practices by the watchdog, it was revealed today.

William Hill reported another quarter of growth thanks to a boost in revenues from online betting and American punters, as it awaits the UK Government's decision on fixed-odd betting terminals.

YO!

LOTTO BOSSNational Lottery-owner Camelot is expected to announce the appointment of Nigel Railton as chief executive today.

Staff at a controversial mining company failed to disclose more than £4million in payments handed to them by parent company Glencore.

Loo roll maker Accrol failed to convince shareholders it had cleaned up the mess it made with its profits.

Sales at Bonmarche have climbed after being boosted by a surge in online demand.

It's one of the world's biggest websites and has been accused of hastening the demise of the High Street.

Kingfisher said it has continued to see strong growth at its trade tool retailer Screwfix, but sales in its DIY chain B&Q and its Frenchbusiness kept falling.

Low-cost airline Easyjet saw record passengers and capacity this year, but lower fares, currency headwinds and higher costs meant that profits fell.

Online-only electrical retailer AO World swung to a half-year loss but claimed it is going into the crucialChristmasshopping season with 'improved momentum'.

DAY DELIVERYOnline fashion store Asos has extended its same-day delivery service to customers in Manchester and Leeds.

 Shares in Aggreko ran out of power yesterday after it admitted business had been hit by late customer payments and weak trading in one of its divisions.

Holidaymakers making fraudulent illness claims, the weakness of sterling and a Spanish holiday price war have had a negative impact on travel groupThomas Cook'sUK earnings.

Furniture and flooring firmScSsaw its like-for-like sales rise 2.9 per cent in the four months to 18 November.

Wealth managerCharles Stanleyhas seen its share price slide 9 per cent after warning that ever-increasing regulation and lower commission incomes look set to hamper its performance.

Shares in travel food retailer SSP Group soared after investor appetite was boosted by strong full-year results.

A crackdown will force investors who shelter cash in start-up companies to prove they qualify for tax breaks.

TheLondonStock Exchange is lining up an emergency stand-in boss in case the vicious spat at the top of the firm forces the current chief to walk out.

Drugs giant GlaxoSmithKline has been given a boost by US regulators after they approved a new HIV treatment.

CROSSRAIL VOTEWorkers on the Crossrail project are to be balloted for industrial action in a dispute over pay in the coming weeks.

Bailed-out Royal Bank of Scotland is finally being sold back to private owners – a decade after it was saved in the financial crisis.

Housebuilders have rejected accusations that they were holding on to land to ramp up profits – after their shares took a pounding following a Budget crackdown.

Dulux owner Akzo Nobel again looks vulnerable to a takeover after plans to merge its paint business with a US rival fell through.

Oil and gas firms buying ageing rigs and fields in the North Sea are set to get tax breaks in a bid to keep the area alive.

Aerospace firm Qinetiq rocketed to the top of the FTSE 250 thanks to a broker upgrade.

Margins at travel operator Thomas Cook have been hammered after a low-cost price war erupted inSpainduring the summer.

Fast-fashion store Quiz has seen online sales accelerate after raising £100m from its debut on theLondonStock Exchange earlier this year.

Shares inMothercarehave slumped over 16 per cent after the retailer posted a £16.8million half-year loss and warned of a 'softening' UK market.

Pub and restaurant groupMitchells & Butlershas seen 7 per cent wiped off the value of its shares this afternoon after announcing it is axing its next dividend.

More than 560,000 individual investors in British Gas are nursing heavy losses after shares slumped to their worst one-day loss.

Shares in Mitchells & Butlers dived yesterday after the pub owner put its dividend payment on ice.

Unilver is poised to search for a successor to long-serving boss Paul Polman, it was claimed last night.

Harrods will undergo its biggest-ever facelift as the luxury store spends £200million to attract more Chinese customers.

Thomas Cook boss Peter Fank-hauser took home a bonus of £837,000 last year, around £600,000 more than the year before.

The former bosses of a fallen tech company that spent a fortune on lavish parties and trendy offices have filed for bankruptcy ‘owing millions’.

Thames Water is severing links with the Cayman Islands in a bid to shrug off a reputation for tax dodging.

TRUMP'S ALERTDonald Trumpis likely to only last one term as US president, according to Jamie Dimon, the boss of Wall Street bank JP Morgan.

Price comparison website Compare the Market’s owner has ditched plans to float after a Canadian pension fund ploughed £675million into it.

Women who work at the Bank of England are paid almost a quarter less than men.

The executive chairman of specialist lending firmProvident Financialhas died.

Media groupFuturehas seen its revenues climb by 43 per cent to £84.4million in a year thanks to a string of recent acquisitions.

It really was ablack Friday– another one – for embattled builder Carillion whose shares slumped a further 10.8 per cent, or 2p, to record lows of 16.5p.

Those who think self-driving technology is pie in the sky or only for expensive luxury cars, think again.

Thames Water has appointed the former boss of SSE as its chairman — on a salary of £325,000 a year for just two days work each week.

The boss of Fuller, Smith & Turner has warned that rising business rates are piling pressure on the pub chain as it faces forking out an extra £2million next year.

LINGERIE RETURNEntrepreneur and Tory peer Michelle Mone is returning to the lingerie industry after leaving Ultimo – which she founded – three years ago.

Education group Pearson is pressing ahead with restructuring by sealing the sale of its language teaching unit Wall Street English to a consortium of investors.

The firm behind the Patisserie Valerie chain saw full-year profits rise despite higher costs as demand for its cakes and croissants continued to rise.

 The City paid a record £72billion in taxes last year in a fresh sign that Britain’s crucial financial services sector remains in rude health.

The publisher of the iconic US news magazine Time and music publication NME has been bought by rival Meredith Corporation in a $2.8billion deal (£2.1billion).

The UK's biggest lenders are strong enough to withstand a 'disorderly'Brexit, the Bank of England has said following the latest round of 'stress tests.'

Upmarket supermarket chain Booths has been put up for sale, opening the door for takeover bids by the likes of online giantAmazon.

Royal Dutch Shellshareholders will see a welcome return to all-cash dividends, as the group cancels its scrip dividend scheme this quarter.

Shares inOcadosoared by over 20 per cent today after the group announced a partnership deal with French supermarket chain Groupe Casino.

Topps Tiles rallied from its four-year low after reporting a return to underlying sales growth.

Ocado shares shot up more than 20 per cent yesterday after it finally signed a major international deal.

The maker of the Queen'sChristmascrackers has posted strong results following a boom in its US business and other overseas markets.

Pets At Home has chosen its retail chief Peter Pritchard to lead the company.

Tens of thousands of savers will be offered the chance to cash in their annuities under a plan launched today by one of Britain’s biggest insurers.

HMV is expecting a surge in vinyl sales in the run-up toChristmasas the format continues its revival.

HOSTING DEALRetailer Game has sold its online game-hosting business Multiplay Digital to Unity Technologies for £19million.

A battle to keep theLondonStock Exchange boss in his job looks doomed after an intervention by Mark Carney was branded the chief executive's 'death warrant'.

Bank bosses are breathing a sigh of relief after surviving a doomsday scenario dreamed up by the Bank of England.

Four investment firms may have broken competition law by sharing price information on floats and share issues, according to the City watchdog.

Shares in Cineworld slumped 17% in morning trading after the company announced it is closing in on a takeover of the second largest US cinema chain.

Retired workers at collapsed wholesaler Palmer & Harvey could see their nest eggs shrink after the firm’s pension fund was revealed to have an £80million black hole.

Lloyds chairman Sir Victor Blank warned the Prime Minister that toxic bank HBOS might be unable to open its doors as the financial crisis raged, a court heard.

TheLondonStock Exchange's chief executive and chairman have sensationally quit following a vicious public spat that erupted after a disastrous attempt to merge with a German rival.

Britvic has seen revenue in its fizzy drinks business pop following a major revamp of its R White’s lemonade brand.

PROFIT FALLHousebuilder Telford Homes claims that it remains firmly on track for higher annual earnings despite posting a fall in half-year profits and sales.

Plans to overhaul Britain’s rail network sent shares in Stagecoach surging full steam ahead.

Shares in pub group Greene King dipped by more than 3 per cent after it blamed rising costs and pub goers tightening their belts for a slide in profits.

Aviva said it will return some of its £3billion excess cash to investors and use it to make acquisitions as it upgraded its growth forecasts for next year.

The growing national debt is a major threat to the British economy, a Bank of England official warned last night.

 A bombshell vote to sackLondonStock Exchange chairman Donald Brydon will go ahead this month after a top investor refused to back down.

A ‘bad bank’ created by Royal Bank of Scotland to safely get rid of toxic loans from the financial crisis has shut with a loss of £50bn.

Rogue financial advisers have been making 700-mile round trips to lure steelworkers into transferring their pension funds at the factory gates.

Investors had their claws out for CVS after it posted slowing sales growth and admitted it was struggling to recruit new vets.

Sitting at his kitchen table, sipping from a mug of instant coffee, author David Kynaston has something on his mind.

Luxury department store Fortnum & Mason shrugged off fears for the High Street to post record sales growth.

It has been a black week for bank customers, with today bringing the announcement of yet another round of branch closures - this time by Royal Bank of Scotland and NatWest.

Games Workshop'sshare price leapt over 6 per cent, after the figurines and fantasy games maker said strong half-year sales will boost its profits.

Thomas Cookis closing 50 of its 690 stores by the end of March 2018, as the group continues its quest to become an 'omni-channel' travel business.

Sales are booming at British factories thanks to strong international demand.

One of the UK's largest car dealers has unveiled plans to sell its US division and shut some dealerships in Britain to focus on its used car business.

Local shop chain  McColl's said it has a contingency plan in place to avoid a supply shortage after supplierPalmer & Harvey went bustlast week as it reported annual revenues of over £1billion.

BANKING BLOWBuilding society Nationwide has apologised for a 'technical issue' that meant customers were unable to access their online and mobile banking services on Monday.

When Unilever faced a £107billion takeover from US rival Kraft, boss Paul Polman received an unusual offer of help from U2 frontman Bono.

LondonStock Exchange chairman Donald Brydon has a toxic track record and must be fired before he causes more havoc, a top investor has warned.

A merger between SSE and Npower should be investigated over fears it could drive up bills, MPs have urged.

Britain's biggest companies are contributing record amounts of tax to the Exchequer, figures show today.

A US hedge fund could make up to £500million from the collapse of heavily indebted care home chain Four Seasons.

Chipmaker Dialog Semiconductor saw more than £600million knocked off its value after it admitted Apple could move its business in-house by 2019.

DepartingTescoBank boss Benny Higgins is joining the board of a financial technology company as he moves on from mainstream banking.

Cineworld has agreed an £2.7billion 'reverse takeover' of US chain Regal which will make it the second biggest cinema group in the world.

The City watchdog has launched an investigation into Moneybarn, a car loans firm controlled by the troubled subprime lender Provident Financial.

FIT PAYControversial fitness firm The Gym Group is facing fresh criticism for failing to give workers a fair wage.

City dealmakers are launching a final push to clinch the £1.6 trillion float ofSaudi Arabia’s state oil giant Aramco in last-ditch talks this weekend.

Disney was last night closing in on a deal to buy 21st Century Fox’s entertainment businesses for £45billion.

Character Group has warned that its international sales have been hit by the collapse of Toys R Us.

Shares in Provident Financial took another hit as it revealed a probe into possible mistreatment of its customers.

High Street banks have closed nearly 1,000 branches this year.

Tescosurged up the FTSE 100 after analysts told investors to add the stock to their trolley.

British shopping centre ownerHammersonhas agreed to buy smaller rivalIntuin a £3.4billion deal.

Saga'sshare price slumped nearly 25 per cent on Wednesday morning, after the group revealed it expects its profits to increase by around one or two per cent this year, and fall by five per cent next year.

Shares in Poundland's South African owner Steinhoff have dived by 60 per cent after the group announced it was launching an investigation into 'accounting irregularities.'

Legal & Generalhas sold its with-profits savings business to reinsurance group Swiss Re's ReAssure division for £650million.

Shares in Costa Coffee owner Whitbread leapt almost 8 per cent after a US hedge fund took a stake in the firm, sparking speculation that it could be broken up.

British luxury fashion brand Mulberry is upping efforts to grow inJapanandChinaas UK sales faltered in the six months to the end of September.

Car insurer Sabre accelerated on its first day of trading with shares up 11.7 per cent.

The owners of some of Britain's biggest shopping centres are joining forces to create a £21billion property titan.

The former owners of failed Monarch Airlines are set to extract millions from British Steel after loading it with debt, accounts reveal.

FOOD DEALThe largest food company in the world, Nestle, has bought Canadian health food firm Atrium Innovations for £1.7billion.

Christmashas come early for investors in Legal & General after the insurance giant stated it is on course for a record year of profits, driven by what it called 'formidable momentum' in its core business divisions.

Thousands of baby boomers who came of age in the 1960s and 70s are signing away homes through lifetime mortgages which can leave their children with nothing to inherit.

The price of bitcoin seesawed yesterday as fears grow that a colossal bubble in the online currency is about to burst.

The world's oldest bookmaker looks set to be bought by an online upstart based in the Isle of Man, for up to £3.9billion.

Tool hire firm HSS was lifted higher after its new boss convinced investors he could repair its battered profits.

Liverpool's famous Epstein Theatre has collapsed into administration – but the firm running it has insisted the show will go on overChristmas.

German discount retailer Lidl has recruited more than 2,500 people in the UK in the past year as it keeps pace with rapid expansion.

Britain's leading cardboard box maker has revealed that the rise of internet shopping has helped its sales surge by more than £1billion in just five years.

BOSS DEPARTSThe chief executive of Poundworld, Gerry Gray, has stepped down from his role with immediate effect after just two years, citing personal reasons.

Top bosses at Toys R Us are set to be paid £10.5million in bonuses despite the company going bankrupt and shutting a quarter of its UK stores.

Coca-Cola HBC has appointed Zoran Bogdanovic as chief executive, after his predecessor Dimitris Lois died in October.

 The pound surged to a six-month high against the euro this morning as markets signalled their approval of the historicBrexitdeal struck inBrusselsin the early hours.

Debenhams paid its chief executive £1.3million for his first year in the job despite sinking profits and worries about tough trading overChristmas.

Shares in Berkeley Group hit a record high after it said profits will be even higher than expected in the coming years.

WHAT IS IT?Berkshire-based Accesso Technology provides queuing and ticketing technology to theme parks, ski resorts, cultural attractions and sports venues.

STEEL SHOPPERSTurkey is the top destination for exports of steel from theEuropean Union, taking 18 per cent of exports last year.

Asdais preparing to shed more than 800 jobs as it battles to compete against discounters Aldi and Lidl.

 Hotels group Millennium & Copthorne soared after the Singaporean billionaire vying to take it over upped his offer.

The future of Poundland was in doubt last night amid a deepening scandal at its South African owner.

Airbnb is planning a swoop on posh British holiday companies in a move that will further cement the company’s dominance in the holiday lettings market.

Ten-pin bowling firmHollywood Bowlhas reported that its annual pre-tax profits have risen from £2.6million to £21.1million in the last year - and its share price is up nearly eight per cent today.

Agents Mutual, the company behind online property website OnTheMarket.com, is gearing up to float onLondon's Alternative Investment Market and raise £50million in a bid to challenge its rivals.

More than 360 care homes will fall into the hands of a secretive American hedge-fund boss who specialises in snapping up struggling businesses.

More than a quarter of FTSE 100 chairmen fall foul of plans to shake-up British boardrooms so they are not full of the same old faces.

Investors in Hollywood Bowl hit a strike after it unveiled a £4.7million special dividend.

Apple has bought British-based Shazam for £300million.

A growing shortage of lorry drivers has seen pay rocket as companies battle to keep the shelves stocked and make deliveries in time forChristmas.

BREXIT HOPEBig banks have scaled back their estimates of jobs that may have to move afterBrexit, accountant EY said.

HSBCwill not face any further action for money-laundering inMexicoafter American authorities agreed to drop their threat of prosecution.

The embattledLondonStock Exchange is already interviewing candidates for chief executive as it scrambles to head off a campaign by billionaire investor Sir Chris Hohn.

Retailer Carpetright has revealed half-year profits crashed by 92.7 per cent and warned full-year earnings will be towards the bottom end of expectations in a 'volatile and unpredictable' consumer market.

FTSE 100 equipment rental companyAshteadhas reported a 19 per cent boost in revenue during the first-half in trading.

New banks are launching top-paying fixed-rate cash Isas - but rates still lag behind those on fixed-rate bonds over the same term.

Former TalkTalk boss and horse racing fan Dido Harding is joining the board of The Jockey Club.

The billionaire tycoon behind shopping centre group Westfield has agreed to sell the company for £18.5billion as traditional stores face an onslaught from online rivals.

The chairman of theLondonStock Exchange looks likely to survive a crunch vote next week after winning support from one of the company’s biggest investors.

Profits at Carpetright have been floored as the company admitted it is struggling to compete with a rival retailer set up by its founder's son.

A tax-evading owner of an Indian restaurant was rumbled after undercover investigators bought curries from him.

The wife of Berkeley Group director Sean Ellis sold a £2.7m stake in the luxury property developer just after its stock reached a record high.

Disney is about to reveal a £45billion takeover of 21st Century Fox as soon as tomorrow, the Mail understands.

TECH DEALFrench tech firm Atos wants to buy Dutch credit card microchip maker Gemalto, which has issued four profit warnings, for £3.8billion.

A clean-up effort following the devastation caused by hurricanes Irma, Maria and Harvey helped lift equipment hire firm Ashtead.

One of Cineworld's biggest shareholders has criticised the multiplex's planned £2.7billion takeover of US rival Regal.

Dixons Carphonehas suffered a 60 per cent slump in half year profits to £61million amid plans for a major shake-up of its smartphone division.

TheBrexit-hit pound is forcing British holidaymakers to ditch long-haul holidays in favour of cheaper destinations closer to home, travel groupTuihas warned, while reporting booming annual sales.

International services firmSercosaw its share price rise over 12 per cent earlier today after confirming a £47.7million deal to buy a slice of Carillion's healthcare division.

Dixons Carphone has sparked fears over shop closures and job losses – and admitted customers don't want to pay £1,000 for the latestiPhone.

TURKEY SIZZLERHolidaymakers are returning to Turkey, according to holiday operator Tui, after it reported a 70 per cent rise in bookings to the country, which has suffered from a wave of terrorist attacks.

Heathrow airport has pledged to compensate families booted out of their homes and ban flights for six-and-a-half hours overnight, if it wins its fight for a new runway.

Snow-related delays and weak demand sent shares in double-glazing group Safestyle plummeting by more than 14 per cent.

Revenues at online estate agent Purplebricks have more than doubled as it makes inroads into the UK housing market.

Half the advice given to workers over their pensions is bad, a top city regulator warned amid fears that sharks are preying on vulnerable former steelworkers.

BT faces a damaging row with its own staff as bosses struggle to draw a line under a year of turmoil.

The boss of energy firm Centrica has snapped up £145,000 worth of shares.

Kent wine maker Chapel Down has raised £18.5m in a victory for the growing success of English sparkling wine.

Online grocer Ocado has blamed a 'shortage of drivers in certain locations' for a slowdown in its retail sales growth during the last quarter.

Shares in Mike Ashley's Sports Direct fell this morning after posting disappointing half-year results.

Shares in Capita fell by more than 14 per cent today after the company warned of a ‘subdued’ outsourcing market and flagged difficulties at its various units.

Two laundry firms have been fined over a secret deal to divide the UK market between them.

Embattled outsourcer Capita saw more than £300million knocked off its value after warning of a slowdown in jobs from the public sector.

Disney has made a £39billion blockbuster bid to buy almost all of Rupert Murdoch's 21st Century Fox empire.

The owner of a cracked North Sea oil and gas pipeline has invoked a get-out clause in its contracts typically used after natural disasters.

Online supermarket Ocado has had to shell out more money on delivery drivers after a shortage in the run-up toChristmaspushed up demand and wages.

A sectret series of letters has revealed watchdogs' frantic efforts to push through a disastrous takeover of HBOS bank as the financial crisis raged.

STEEL SWOOPSanjeev Gupta is teaming up with global tidal power developer Atlantis Resources to create a new renewable energy firm.

CARE home chain Four Seasons and its main lender have agreed to defer a £26m interest payment due today, averting the chance it would go bust beforeChristmas.

Troubled miner Lonmin is being bought by South African rival Sibanye-Stillwater for £285million.

Fashion retailer H&M will close more stores after suffering its biggest decline in quarterly sales in 10 years.

Thames Water has issued a £145million bond through the Cayman Islands – weeks after pledging it would stop using the tax haven.

PAPER PROGRESSPublisher Trinity Mirror, which owns the Daily Mirror, said that it is making good progress in efforts to buy the Express titles from Northern & Shell but reported that full-year sales were set to slump by 9 per cent.

America's biggest cable TV network is preparing an opportunistic bid for Sky even as it looks likely to be bought by Disney, sources claim.

Soaring half-year sales failed to satisfy the appetites of Franco Manca's shareholders.

Airbus is losing two top executives in a management shake-up.

Bargain Booze owner Conviviality is buying more than 100 convenience stores from collapsed wholesaler Palmer & Harvey in a £25million deal.

A former hedge fund manager who has brought a theatrical, ‘immersive’ re-creation of Santa Claus’s homeland to Britain says he expects more than 60,000 visitors this Christmas and a £5million turnover.

Fashion label Superdry has signed a deal withPrince Harry’s Invictus Games to provide the UK team with £300,000 worth of kit.

Dragons’ Den judge Deborah Meaden prides herself on her decisiveness but admits that even she is hesitating over decisions because ofBrexituncertainty.

Hedge fund billionaire Sir Christopher Hohn looks set to suffer an embarrassing defeat this week, as shareholders in theLondonStock Exchange are expected to vote against his attempts to topple the chairman.

Walt Disney, best known for bringing us Mickey Mouse, has agreed a £39billion deal to buy the bulk of 21st Century Fox, the media giant run by Rupert Murdoch and his sons, James and Lachlan.

A register naming and shaming companies whose shareholders have protested over fat cat pay is expected to be launched this week.

TOP SLICEThe British wing of Pizza Hut is on the verge of being sold by private equity firm Rutland Partners to debt investor Pricoa for £100 million.

Budget retailer Poundland is under growing pressure from a scandal engulfing South African parent company Steinhoff.

The family behind one of the world’s leading ejector seat makers shared dividends of £32 million last year.

Luxury department store Harvey Nichols has slumped to a £6.7 million loss after it ploughed millions into a revamp in a battle for super-rich shoppers.

Budget airline Easyjet has confirmed the acquisition of a chunk of AirBerlin's business for £35.2million.

Britain's largest motorbike maker said demand for sports bikes is falling as enthusiasts opt for so-called modern classics instead.

Bitcoin has almost doubled its price in just three weeks – prompting further warnings from experts of a dangerous bubble.

Goldman Sachs’sLondonoffices have sacked a senior employee after he admitted groping a female colleague.

English sparkling wine, Eastern European reds and dry fino sherry are flying off the shelves as families stock up ahead ofChristmas.

Compass's boss was paid £5.6million in 2017.

MUSTARD DECISIONThe future of mustard maker Colman’s Norwich factory will be decided next year, its owner Unilever has said.

More than £450million was wiped off three of Britain’s biggest trading firms yesterday over a plan to ban high-risk betting on markets.

Shares in digital media company One Media iP rocketed nearly 53 per cent after ex-Pinewood bosses Lord Grade and Ivan Dunleavy snapped up a stake in the firm.

Chanel is setting its sights onLondonexpansion with plans to open a head office in prestigious Mayfair.

The battle to control Sky intensified last night as shareholders claimed attempts to buy the company would leave them short-changed.

Price comparison website groupGoCompare.comis buying the parent company of discount site MyVoucherCodes in a £36.5million deal.

Anglo-South African financial services giantOld Mutualhas signed a deal to sell a slice of its UK fund manager to private equity group TA Associates for £600million.

SKY WARNINGStaff at Sky News have piled into the debate over the broadcaster’s potential takeover, warning the competition watchdog that blocking the deal would trigger 500 job losses and deliver a ‘deeply damaging’ blow to British journalism.

I have written twice to Yorkshire-General Life Assurance about an old pension, but both times, the letter has been returned with a note saying: 'Not known at this address'.

Online clothing retailer Koovs fell out of fashion with shareholders after warning next year’s sales will be hit by a reduction in its marketing budget.

Collectors of fine wines have seen the value of their vintages surge so much they are afraid to drink them, according to aLondon-based merchant.

Poundland has distanced itself from owner Steinhoff as an accounting scandal threatens to derail the South African investment firm.

Star fund manager Richard Buxton is buying investment firm Single Strategy from Old Mutual.

Thousands of steelworkers are likely to lose some of their pension benefits in the rush to close their retirement scheme before it gets too expensive, the man in charge has warned.

The boss of Clydesdale and Yorkshire Banking Group has earned more than £2million after announcing plans to axe dozens of branches.

The chairman of theLondonStock Exchange was given a bloody nose by the City as he survived a vote which could have seen him sacked.

The world’s biggest miner plans to leave a global coal lobby in a dispute over the best way to tackleclimate change.

Higher ticket prices have boosted revenue at the world’s largest cruise ship operator.

Homes and businesses will have the legal right to demand high-speed broadband by 2020, the government has said.

The UK's competition watchdog has given the final green light forTesco's£3.7billion takeover of wholesale group Booker to go ahead.

Embattled UK construction firmCarillionis parting ways with its outgoing interim chief executive three months earlier than planned.

NEW ROUTESBudget airline Wizz Air has added three new routes fromLondonLuton Airport, starting in spring 2018.

Fashion retailer Missguided has been plunged into the red after shelling out £2.4million to open its first stores on the high street.

The wife of Rentokil’s regional boss has cashed in £432,390 worth of shares.

Bitcoin tumbled from recent highs as the digital currency was hit by a series of controversies.

Chemicals billionaire Jim Ratcliffe is splashing out on yet more wild investments.

Toys R Us was last night accused of funnelling £584million into an offshore tax haven as it teetered on the brink of collapse – putting 3,200 jobs at risk.

A BritishiPhonechip supplier is set to get a boost from major US tax reforms pushed through by PresidentDonald Trump.

London's financial centre generates 20 times as much wealth per person as parts of Wales, figures show.

Tescoand Booker have won approval for a £3.7billion merger, despite worries that the deal will make the supermarket too powerful.

Oil majors Shell and Eni, and ex-bosses at both firms, are due to stand trial inItalyover alleged corruption over an £800million field inNigeria.

A British firm building the roof at one ofRussia's World Cup football stadiums saw £36.3million wiped off its shares after revealing its boss is off.

The UK's premier share index has passed the 7,600 mark for the first time ever after PresidentDonald Trump's tax bill put investors firmly in the Christmas party spirit.

Oil giant Shell has agreed to buy First Utility, the main challenger to the Big Six energy suppliers in Britain.

An aristocratic relative ofDavid Cameronfaced a backlash last night over his opposition to a Government crackdown on toxic leases.

Posh northern supermarket Booths has been plunged further into the red after poor sales figures saw its losses more than double.

US officials have upheld plans to slap a near- 300 per cent tax on imported Bombardier C Series jets, threatening 1,000 UK jobs.

Toys R Us has avoided collapse by agreeing to stump up almost £10million for its pension – but its future remains in doubt.

Homewares retailer Dunelm has appointed Nick Wilkinson as chief executive after previous boss John Browett stepped down for personal reasons.

Oil major Shell has bought electricity and gas supplier First Utility in a major shake-up of the energy market.

The former chief executive of Dyson has walked away with a multi-million-pound payout after settling a bitter legal row.

The FTSE 100 hit an all-time high as traders toasted the pre-ChristmasSanta rally.

A senior executive who was blasted for wasting taxpayers' money on luxury taxis has joined the board of state-owned lender Royal Bank of Scotland.

NEWS SWITCHSocial media networkFacebookis to scrap a feature on its website that flags some news articles as ‘disputed’.

There  is nothing soft and cuddly about the way that the rapacious private equity owners of Toys R Us in Britain engaged in an exercise in brinkmanship on the eve of theChristmasbreak.

High street bookmaker Ladbrokes Coral has finally agreed to be bought by online rival GVC in a deal worth up to £4billion after previous failed attempts.

Shares in embattled infrastructure giant Carillion rose this morning after it said it had reached an agreement with its lenders to defer a crucial financial covenant test.

Eric Schmidt is stepping down as the top boss ofGoogle’s parent company after 17 years at the helm.

Brazilians love Waitrose's spaghetti rings, the French are big fans of the posh supermarket's baked beans and Australians go crazy for piccalilli.

WHO IS IT?Australia-based Tlou Energy supplies electricity in southern African countries by extracting methane, or natural gas, trapped in unmined coal seams underground.

PAPER ROUNDPackaging and paper group Mondi has snapped up Finnish rival Powerflute in a £323 million swoop.

The Santa rally fell short in the final session beforeChristmasas the FTSE 100 dipped 11.32 points, or 0.2per cent, to 7592.66 points from its all-time high of 7603.98 on Thursday.

American stock markets have enjoyed a stellar return in the past year.

Bitcoin lost almost half its value in a week as panic selling gripped the online currency just as fears grew punters were being allowed to buy it using a credit card.

Soft drinks maker Britvic paid its chief executive £2.1million last year despite its profits sliding by 9 per cent.

British designer Phoebe Philo is leaving French fashion house Celine, paving the way for a move to head up Burberry.

As we hurtle towardsChristmas, all that will be in the stockings of Koovs investors will be a lump of coal if they’re lucky.

Britain's biggest double glazing firm has warned thatBrexitis starting to hit its trade, with householders holding off from buying new windows or doors.

A company which stages shows for Lego fans of all ages will be floated on the stock market on Wednesday.

The dire financial health of Britain’s high street has not stopped Ediston Property Investment Company expanding its portfolio.

The three founders of an energy provider which set out to challenge the major firms are set for a stocking filler of more than £110 million this Christmas after a takeover by oil giant Shell.

A British TV monitoring group is trialling technology that will enable it to tell how many people are watching shows onNetflix.

Amazon is snapping up UK warehouse space in an unprecedented property-buying spree, as internet retailers seek to crush their traditional rivals in a battle for supremacy.

Tourists will spend a record £27billion in Britain next year as the number of overseas visits passes 40m for the first time, official estimates suggest.

Sofa group DFS has acquired a clutch of stores and assets from failed retailer Multiyork Furniture, in a bid to boost its share of the sofa market in 2018.

THE UK's biggest organiser of conventions for Lego enthusiasts has listed onLondon's junior stock exchange.

Sweeping US tax cuts are to cost Barclays bank £1billion – raising fears it may be unable to hike dividends as quickly as it had hoped.

Tory treasurer Mick Davis has closed his mining venture X2 Resources without making a single deal.

SHARES SWOOPGlobal miner Rio Tinto has bought back £1.1billion of its shares and now plans to buy back another £1.4billion.

Billionaire inventorElon Muskhas promised Tesla will make an electric pick-up truck.

British stock markets broke records again last night as traders toasted a bumper year.

Pharmaceutical firm GlaxoSmithKline is set for a $1billion (£750million) bonanza as it prepares to launch a breakthrough vaccine for shingles.

The Co-op is increasing the number of supplies it buys from smaller breweries as it aims to sell 5m pints.

British tycoon Mark Dixon is in line for a £600million payday after Canadian funds made an approach to buy his global office empire.

The price of bitcoin has dropped by over $1,000 in a day afterSouth Koreabecame the latest in a string of countries to announce a crackdown on the cryptocurrency.

The cost of a barrel ofoilon the world markets reached its highest for two-and-a-half years today as demand fromChinaincreases.

Apple's insistence upon boss Tim Cook travelling by private jet, even when on personal business, shows how attached executives become to the perks of private air travel.

METAL EXPANSIONGlobal miner Rio Tinto has started selling aluminium fromSingaporein a move into commodities trading, to help it get better prices for the metals it produces.

When a shopper at one of the nation's most-loved supermarkets complained to the chief executive, the best he was hoping for was a polite acknowledgement.

British Airwaysowner IAG is reportedly in negotiations to take over Austrian airline Niki, as the final assets of collapsed AirBerlinare sold.

Supermarket shares rallied as traders embraced the festive cheer and bet on a goodChristmasfor food sales.

Copper is on its best run in almost 30 years as traders bet heavily on a boom inChinaand supply disruptions in Chile.

Rising wages and a boost to building could drive up growth in Britain next year, a top economist has said.

Apple retail boss Angela Ahrendts earned £18million in 2017 – to become the best- paid woman in America.

High Street chains look set to be sold after experts warned their owner could run out of cash.

TheLondonstock market's record-breaking run has taken the FTSE 100 index to an all-time high in the last trading session of 2017.

When The Beatles made their now famous debut on the Ed Sullivan Show in 1964, they were followed on stage by a magician called Fred Kaps.

One of the most important decisions any Chancellor (with the Prime Minister) must make, is the choice of the next governor of the Bank of England.

US banking giant Goldman Sachs will see £3.7billion wiped off its profits byDonald Trump’s tax reforms In an update to the market yesterday, the finance giant said the new US tax legislation would wallop its fourth-quarter profits, which are set to be revealed on January 17.

Which businesses should you back in the coming year... from banks, to retailers, and tech up and comers.

HERO Edwin Booth, 62, Executive Chairman of Booth THE boss of grocer Booths – the so-called Waitrose of the North – wrote a refreshingly honest response to a shopper, acknowledging that a number of his complaints (such as half-melons costing the same as whole ones) were justified.

DISCOUNT DEALBudget carrier Wizz Air has signed a deal with Airbus for 146 aircraft worth £13 billion.

Two mothers who cashed in on the soaring popularity of scooters for both adults and children have paid themselves £2.3million.

HOT SPOTThe family behind holiday operator Sunspot Tours are in line for a £50million payout amid reports of a potential sale.

Directors at failed wholesaler Palmer & Harvey changed the terms of a £3.4million loan that meant it would not have to be repaid if the firm went bust, it has emerged.

Profits at outdoor wear retailer Barbour are booming as more people snap up its waxed jackets favoured by the Queen andDuchess of Cambridge.

The Bank of England has set up a research division looking at how it can get involved with digital currencies such as bitcoin and the technology behind them.

British energy giantBPis set to benefit from sweeping changes to US corporation tax but not before it pays a one off $1.5 billion charge.

Britain's manufacturing sector ended 2017 strongly, with output boosted by overseas demand.

 Royal Dutch Shell has announced the termination of plans to sell its Danish refining business to local firm Dansk Olieselskab for an estimated £60 million.

Applecould use US tax reforms to swoop on video streaming firmNetflix.

British Airwaysowner IAG flew up the blue-chip index after snapping up Austrian airline Niki from collapsed carrier AirBerlin.

Catering firm Compass Group has confirmed Dominic Blakemore will head the firm following the death of chief executive Richard Cousins.

The Welsh gold mine that producedPrincess Diana’s wedding ring is set to reopen after nearly 20 years.

Marks & Spencer is selling all its 27 stores in Hong Kong and Macau, as it focuses on turning around the fortunes of its UK business.

Shock finding The new legal chief atUberfound staff had carried out surveillance on rivals and failed to reveal a massive data breach, it has emerged.

Doom-mongering Crispin Odey’s hedge fund has suffered a plunge in payments after its gloomy bets on markets went badly wrong.

Retail giant Next reported a sales surge over theChristmasperiod, in a sign of hope for the broader retail sector.

Spotify is poised to go public on New York's stock exchange after secretly filing papers with regulators, it was claimed last night.

Growing speculation that more international deals could be in the pipeline has sent shares in Ocado flying.

A breakthrough gene therapy designed by GlaxoSmithKline to treat 'bubble baby syndrome' has been backed by UK healthcare regulators.

Smoothie maker Innocent Drinks is at the heart of a probe into the merger of two companies.

Saga, the insurance and travel firm targeted at people over 50, announced a restructuring of its travel business and a management shake-up today after a profit warning sent its shares sliding last month.

Shares in Debenhamstumbled by 16 per cent today after the department store warned profits would be lower than previously forecast after it saw poor demand for post-Christmasbargains.

Supermarket Aldi emerged as one ofChristmaswinners as shoppers in search of fancy foods pushed UK sales 15 per cent higher during December than the same month last year.

A cold snap in the run-up toChristmashas seen outdoor clothes and equipment retailer Mountain Warehouse achieve record festive sales.

Britain's pioneering technology sector smashed investment records in 2017, striking deals worth £3billion.

Debenhams saw more than £64million wiped off its value after revealing that price-slashing in the run-up toChristmasdid little to lure customers.

Disasters hit the insurance industry for a record £100billion last year – and there could be worse to come.

Three bankers at the heart of some of the world's biggest deals have shared a £63.3million profit after a bumper year.

Wall Street stocks hit record levels yesterday as jobs, manufacturing andChristmassales figures suggested the US economy is scaling new heights.

 POSH BOOZESlug and Lettuce owner Stonegate Pub Company enjoyed a 5.5 per cent increase in sales overChristmasas customers splashed out more on posh drinks.

Profits at housebuilder Cairn more than trebled last year as the Irish property market continued to inflate.

It’s fair to say the past few months have been challenging for MySQUAR investors.

The London stock market has kicked off the New Year with yet more record highs as global investors made an optimistic start to 2018.

Britain's economic productivity grew at its fastest rate in more than six years during the three months up to the end of September 2017.

Uberfounder Travis Kalanick is to sell his shares in the company for the first time in a deal which is set to net him £1billion.

An admission byApplethat its phones and gadgets are affected by the Intel processors scandal sent shares in chipmaker Dialog Semiconductor tumbling.

Stock markets in the US broke records again yesterday – and even disappointing jobs figures failed to dent enthusiasm.

TAKEOVER TALKSEngineer Keller is in talks to buy Moretrench, an employee-owned underground engineering firm in the US.

A leading lawyer whose firm raked in £33million from taxpayers during the financial crisis is to be chairman of the City watchdog.

Turnaround efforts at struggling fashion chain New Look have been thrown into turmoil after suppliers had vital insurance cover blocked.

BUY THIS: William HillCanaccord Genuity recommends adding William Hill to your portfolio.

Shares in Carillionsurged more than 20 per cent today as investors were hopeful the group will manage to secure new funding to avoid collapse later this week when it meets with lenders.

Carolyn McCall takes the reins at ITV today as the firm battles an advertising slump and challenges from newer, digital competitors.

British cider maker Aspall has been snapped up by a US beer giant.

Shares in Mothercarehave slumped by 27 per cent this morning as the retailer issued a profit warning after it saw a slide in sales in the run-up to Christmas.

Shares in tech companyMicro Focus Internationalplunged 15 per cent today after the company posted disappointing sales at its recently-acquired Hewlett Packard Enterprise business and trimmed down revenue forecasts.

Jaguar Land Rover launched an attack on the demonisation of diesel as sales in the UK sunk by a fifth in the last three months of 2017.

A former Royal Bank of Scotland trader rigged markets to help a friend pay off a £2,000 bar bill.

Almost £2billion was wiped off the value of Micro Focus after it revealed lacklustre earnings and doubts grew about its £6.5billion takeover of Hewlett Packard’s software arm.

SPACE AGEElon Musk’s SpaceX has successfully launched its first rocket of 2018, carrying a top-secret payload for the US government.

Profits at the entertainment company owned bySimon Cowellslipped last year despite a boom for Britain’s Got Talent.

Up to 80,000 Barclays mis-selling victims could lose out on a £200million compensation pot because of a courtroom battle over how to pay them back.

Fresh hopes that a rescue deal could be around the corner sent shares in Carillion rocketing.

Mothercare has seen £29million wiped off its value after revealing that online sales plunged over theChristmasperiod.

The maker of fantasy games and miniature figurines Games Workshop has posted record sales and profits in the first half of its trading year.

Whenever a well-known retailer sees its shares slide after putting out poor results, or even goes out of business altogether, many are tempted to draw wider conclusions.

Morrisons kicked off the grocers' festive trading updates season with a better-than-expected sales as it was boosted by demand for premium and party food.

Persimmonhas continued to profit from the taxpayer-funded 'Help to Buy' scheme as it saw revenues for the full-year increase to £3.4billion.

Star fund manager Terry Smith made £8.1million for running his investment business last year as markets around the world rallied.

A software company which holds key contracts for the police andNHSis being bought by Japanese tech giant NEC.

 Marks & Spencer is revamping its computer systems in its latest move to battle faster-moving online rivals.

Venison steaks, chocolate fudge yule logs and gin and tonic crisps were best-sellers as Morrisons' posh brands sales leapt 25 per cent.

A ruthless reshuffle at Glaxosmithkline has seen boss Emma Walmsley replace nearly half of her senior executives in less than a year.

Two preppy clothing stores enjoyed bumperChristmassales as demand for posh outdoor wear soars.

NEW BOSSCross-Channel rail operator Eurostar has appointed the boss of delivery firm Yodel as its chief executive.

The FTSE 100 finished at another record high, helped by a surge in supermarket shares.

A decade ago Games Workshop feared it may go bust.

Marks & Spencer sensibly looks to be getting in its defence before it unveils its holiday sales data tomorrow.

Sainsbury'shas upped its annual profit forecast after enjoying strong sales over the crucial Christmas period.

Lidl has been branded the 'fastest growing supermarket' in the UK, after seeing sales rocket 16 per cent over the crucialChristmasperiod.

Menswear groupMoss Brossaw its share price drop by 22 per cent earlier this morning, after dampening its profit forecast following disappointingChristmassales.

The FTSE 100 has notched up its fourth closing high in a week, finishing up 17.49 points at 7,748.51 in a surge led by retail and bank stocks.

A fierce battle for children's gifts woundedArgosthisChristmas.

A top Goldman Sachs banker meets the Prime Minister and Chancellor today – after months of opposition toBrexitby his boss.

Three in every four punters who gamble on so-called contracts for difference lose money – and in some cases they are throwing away 500 times their initial stake.

Mounting concern over the future of the British housing market sent shares in Taylor Wimpey lower yesterday despite the company announcing bullish trading figures.

Fashion leaders Superdry, Ted Baker and Quiz became the latest High Street names to boast of improving sales after embracing online.

A British high-risk loans firm backed by the owner of Poundland wrote off almost £70million of losses, accounts reveal.

Legendary investor Warren Buffett has warned bitcoin backers face disaster – and suggested the online currency craze will fail.

FRIDAY FIESTABlack Fridaydiscounts saw November overtake December as the biggest month of the year for online sales in 2017, according to data by Optimove.

Sales leapt at luxury leather goods maker Aspinal ofLondon, despite a major IT blunder that meant bags were selling at £8 instead of £950.

Supermarket giantTescorevealed it had its biggest ever sales week in the run-up toChristmas, as it released upbeat results today.

John Lewis posted rising sales at both its eponymous department store and its sister company Waitrose, with record sales onBlack Friday, but competition to keep prices low has eaten into margins.

Shares in Card Factoryslumped by as much as 20 per cent today after the retailer issued a profit warning as flat card sales, rising wages and a weaker pound put pressure on its profit margins.

Amazon's online grocery service Amazon Fresh is selling some products up to 19 per cent cheaper than major supermarkets, new research suggests.

Tonic maker Fever-Tree has appointed Unilever’s Kevin Havelock and Mast-Jaegermeister’s Jeff Popkin as non-executive directors.

Oil rose above $70 a barrel for the first time in more than three years yesterday, spelling misery for motorists facing higher prices.

A sales boom at convenience stores has helped boost Booker ahead of its takeover by Tesco.

House Of Fraser is set to axe failing stores or reduce the size of others as it battles falling sales.

Tesco is preparing to slash its range of televisions, laptops and DVDs as more people go online for their electrical goods.

Retailer Card Factory saw more than £193million knocked off its value after issuing its second profit warning in four months.

Britain's oldest theme park has been saved from collapse after investors backed a £35million bid to transform its fortunes.

Marks & Spencer was left battling for customers over Christmas as rivals upped their game on premium products.

AIRLINE SOARSBudget airline Wizz Air carried more than 28m passengers in 2017, 24 per cent up on a year earlier.

Bovis Homesis on track to deliver a hefty profit rise in 2018, driven by strong customer demand, attractive mortgage rates and the government’s Help to Buy scheme.

Barratt Developments continued to benefit from rising house prices and taxpayer-funded Help to Buy, as the loan scheme boosted demand and valuations last year.

Shares in engineering giantGKNhave rocketed 24 per cent after the firm revealed that it has rejected a £7billion takeover bid from turnaround specialistMelrose.

Pub and restaurant chainMitchells & Butlershas reported strong Christmas trading, despite the bad weather.

FLYING HIGHWest Sussex hub Gatwick Airport enjoyed its busiest ever December with a record 3.2m passengers travelling through the airport.

Shunning oil stocks could see investors miss out on a top source of income as the price of crude begins to climb, experts say.

B&M will start selling frozen food such as pizzas, chips and ice cream in a bid to take on rival discounters and the Big Four supermarkets.

WHO IS IT?U+I Group is a property developer that specialises in regenerating buildings in major cities.

Online fashion retailer Boohoo dipped after the brother of one of its founders sold around £14.8m worth of shares.

Two million taxpayers will be billed for £800million after paying too little tax during the last financial year, figures reveal.

Shares in crisis-hit Carillion crashed nearly 30 per cent as fears grew that rescue talks would fail.

A predatory turnaround group has targeted one of Britain's leading engineering firms, prompting calls for ministers to intervene.

Online supermarket Ocado is preparing to introduce a robot to help warehouse workers pick and pack food for deliveries.

British Airways owner IAG has called on Heathrow to sell its high-speed rail service and focus on running the airport.

Struggling British engineer GKN could find itself at the centre of a bidding war as American buyout giant Carlyle weighs up a counter bid.

The RBS Shareholder Action Group is facing demands for a Government probe into its activities amid claims investors are yet to receive their share of a £200million payout.

BUY THIS: Ted Baker Liberum recommends adding Ted Baker to your portfolio.

The chairman of housebuilder Persimmon insisted its £630 million bonus scheme was necessary to keep senior executives ‘onside’ – then quit just four months later over his failure to rein in their massive payouts.

FESTIVE CHEERStrong trading helped D&D London toast its best ever Christmas.

William Hill has hinted it may sell off its Australian business after a regulatory crackdown as it unveiled rising profits which were ahead of expectations.

Premier Foods, the company behind Bisto gravy and Mr Kipling cakes, played down rumours it is looking to sell its Batchelors brand to Japan's Nissin Foods.

Rolls-Royce has stoked rumours that it could sell off its German-manufacturing arm L'Orange after launching a strategic review of the business.

Plastics maker Carclo saw £31.7million knocked of its value after issuing a double profit warning and announcing its chairman and finance boss would be stepping down.

Mr Kipling and Bisto owner Premier Foods could be on the verge of selling its Super Noodles and Cup a Soup brand Batchelors, worth an estimated £200million.

Apple’s tax bill has climbed by £81million after investigators probed another of its companies – bringing the total demanded by HM Revenue and Customs to almost £220million.

William Hill could sell its Australian business following a gambling crackdown Down Under.

BHS is enjoying an online revival as it revealed booming sales of its women’s pyjamas, lighting and framed art.

Banks, engineering firms and thousands of small businesses are nursing losses of around £4billion after the collapse of Carillion.

Shoppers flocked to Matalan in the run up to Christmas.

Sterling has hit its highest level against the US dollar since the vote to leave the European Union, amid rising confidence in the outlook for Brexit Britain.

Shares in GKN hit a high last night as investors bet a bidding war will break out for the embattled engineer.

Softban is pondering a listing of its mobile arm on the London Stock Exchange in a bid to raise £13.1billion.

BREXIT BREAKMedium-sized firms are upbeat about Brexit and want a clean break with the European Union, according to accountant RSM.

The former finance chief of Barclays is joining the insurance firm Rothesay Life as chairman.

BP is approaching the end of the settlements for the Gulf of Mexico oil spill but it expects cash payments for 2018 to come in $1billion higher than it previously thought.

High-street chain Greggs is set to open up to 130 new bakeries this year following solid sales growth in 2017.

The Bank of England has said UK lenders do not face any direct threat of major difficulties as a result of Carillion's dramatic collapse amid government demands for a 'fast-track' investigation into the failed construction firm.

Forget rocking horses, parents and children are going mad for rocking unicorns.

Greggs is turning its attention away from sausage rolls to focus on rolling out an evening food service.

A growing obsession with image and healthy living is driving more students and millennials to sign up for gym memberships, according to The Gym Group.

Exhibition company UBM last night revealed it has revived plans to merge with rival Informa.

TAX WOEWall Street lender Citibank has been hammered with a £16billion tax bill because of reforms announced by President Trump.

When fees for spending on credit cards were banned on Saturday, it was hailed as the end of a rip-off that meant shoppers were shelling out millions of pounds just to spend their own money.

Collapsed Carillion was owed £200million for work on the 2022 World Cup as it plunged into crisis.

Bitcoin plunged into double-digit losses as fears grew of crackdowns.

The guardians of the GKN pension scheme have fired a warning shot to predators circling the firm over the gaping black hole in its retirement pot.

Britain's love affair with Mr Kipling cakes is waning as fewer shoppers picked up its French Fancies, mini Battenbergs and Bakewell tarts over the festive period.

Fashion brand Burberry has reported a 2% rise in like-for-like sales in the last three months of 2017 in its latest trading update.

Pearson has seen its share price dip as it revealed sales last year were hit by cautious retail buyers holding back on purchases in the US.

Melrose has turned hostile in its takeover pursuit of British FTSE 100 engineer GKN.

Contractor Interserve has seen its share price fall 5 per cent on a report that the government is keeping a close eye on the company’s finances in the wake of Carillion’s collapse.

Shares in business events firmUBMjumped 12 per cent in trading today after a long-awaited £9billion merger with rivalInformawas announced.

Concern over the health of its US education business sent shares in Pearson tumbling.

The bitcoin rollercoaster has continued to deliver spectacular price moves as the cryptocurrency dropped below $10,000 and then bounced 20 per cent to top $12,000.

Burberry looks to be falling out of fashion with shoppers as the lure of the weaker pound wears off for wealthy overseas customers.

Hedge funds are betting on the demise of one of Carillion’s biggest rivals after cashing in on the collapse of the once-mighty construction giant.

Buyout group Melrose is plotting a ruthless cull of head office jobs at GKN, having launched a hostile £7.4bn bid for the embattled engineer.

Cineworld has approached shareholders for £1.7bn to fund its £2.6bn blockbuster takeover of US cinema chain Regal Entertainment, as it revealed a stellar 2017.

Goldman Sachs has slumped to its first quarterly loss in six years thanks to sluggish trading and a change in tax laws.

Whitbread, the owner of Costa Coffee and budget hotel chain Premier Inn, saw UK sales stall at the end of 2017 amid tough market conditions and a 'particularly challenging October'.

 Rolls-Royce has put the bulk of its loss-making marine business up for sale as part of a cost-cutting drive that will see the firm trimmed down.

The Bank of England has told credit card firms to rein in lending to avoid a dangerous bubble.

Royal Mailhas confirmed it has made progress on thrashing out a pay and pensions deal with unions as it congratulated staff for a 'great'Christmas, during which it handled 149 million parcels.

Budget fashion chain Primark celebrated a record performance in the weeks running up to Christmas last year as it further expanded its presence in the UK market.

Shares in roadside assistance group AA stalled after a negative broker’s note.

A whistleblower who raised alarm bells over a £1billion bank fraud was forced out by Lloyds, a police commissioner has said.

The boss of Costa Coffee and Premier Inn owner Whitbread refused to rule out a break-up of the business as its lattes and flat whites failed to lure caffeine lovers.

Plane maker Airbus has finally secured another order for its stricken double-decker A380 jets, rescuing the jet for at least another decade.

Bullets maker Chemring is being investigated for potential bribery, corruption and money-laundering involving middlemen representing a UK subsidiary.

The online shopping boom helpedRoyal Maildeliver record numbers of parcels forChristmas.

The boss of Santander was at the heart of a scandal over a ruthless unit accused of wrecking small businesses, Parliament heard yesterday.

IRAQ DEALOil major BP has signed a contract with Iraq to more than double production at its Kirkuk oil fields.

Pampered youngsters who were bought their own miniature Bentleys and Mercedes drove Halfords to record sales.

Banks that loaned cash to Carillion have set up a £225million lifeline to help its suppliers.

Troubled engineer GKN came out fighting as it fends off a £7.4billion hostile takeover by predator Melrose Industries.

HSBC has agreed to pay US authorities $101.5million (£73m) to settle a criminal investigation into currency rigging.

RetailerCarpetrightsaw its share price plummet 45 per cent in early trading after poor performance since Christmas saw it slash profit expectations for the year.

Shares inBonmarcheplummeted almost 25 per cent to 99p in early morning trading today after the women's fashion retailer reported a collapse in Christmas sales.

Britain's biggest travel agent has launched an overhaul of its business to herald a new era of package holidays.

Grim results sent shares in a number of FTSE 250 companies plummeting as much as 50 per cent.

Rumours of a takeover sent Fevertree shares flying as traders speculated a consumer goods giant could make a bid for the business.

A High Court judge has dealt a blow to BT’s plan to rein in its pension black hole.

New all-electric Nissan Leaf Price: from £21,990 to £27,490 Nissan's second generation all-electric five-seater family car is here, with deliveries beginning on February 2.

PHONE PROBEItalian authorities have launched investigations into Apple and Samsung over claims they deliberately slowed their devices down.

Discount food retailer Lidl has come under fire for an 'aggressive' expansion plan that has left local businesses struggling to find new premises.

To feel the real impact of the Carillion collapse on small firms and ordinary people, you have to leave the confines of Whitehall and the City and head to a place such as Liverpool.

The RBS chief is also for the first time giving his public backing to The Mail on Sunday's campaign for a body to provide independent redress for entrepreneurs.

The UK must strike a transition deal with the EU in 70 days, the Confederation of British Industry will warn tomorrow.

The publisher of magazines for airlines ranging from easyJet to Etihad has been put up for sale amid predictions it will fetch £70 million.

Four bosses at corporate raider Melrose are in line to share £285million in bonuses if they make a success of their takeover bid for engineering giant GKN, The Mail on Sunday can reveal.

The new chief executive of Dixons Carphone has been awarded a suite of financial rewards that could earn him up to £15million over the next five years.

Short-sellers who cashed in on Carillion's collapse are now targeting its rival Interserve and other Government contractors.

Sky would be prepared to jettison Sky News in a bid to get its takeover by 21st Century Fox over the finishing line.

The ruthless new leader of Zimbabwe is being welcomed by the global elite in Davos this week – despite his links to decades of repression and genocide alongside predecessor Robert Mugabe.

Predators are sizing up Poundland as speculation mounts that its collapsing South African owner could be forced to sell it.

The Old Etonian boss of Dixons Carphone has become the latest executive to jump ship at the ailing retailer.

A British engineering firm fighting off a hostile takeover bid has announced a surge in demand at its electric car arm.

British online grocer Ocado has signed its second major international partnership with Canadian food retailer Sobeys.

Electrical retailerDixons Carphonehas lowered its profit prediction for the year despite reporting stable sales growth over Christmas, hinting some stores could be closed.

Fixed-odds betting terminals are to be curbed significantly as the Government looks to slash the maximum bet from £100 to £2 in efforts to fight Britain's gambling problem.

The Christmas holidays were particularly fruitful for nightclub operator Revolution Bars Group as it achieved record-breaking sales during the festive period.

A formerRoyal Bank of Scotland executive who misled Parliament during an inquiry into how the lender wrecked small businesses now holds a top job at Santander – looking after small businesses.

 Streaming giantNetflixlast night sent shares soaring with a record 8.3m boost in subscribers.

 Ocado shares surged more than 27 per cent after it struck a deal to supply its technology to a Canadian supermarket.

Hedge funds that bet on the collapse of Carillion have turned their sights on a British business that supplies Apple.

A clampdown on how much can be gambled on betting machines at bookies looks likely to cost a disgraced banker £2m.

Barclays was given a boost after it emerged that an American hedge fund had bought a $1bn stake in the business.

Cartier owner Richemont has made a £2.5bn swoop on Net-a-Porter with plans to take it private.

More than 200 voice-controlled home speakers such as Google Home and Amazon Echo were snapped up by shoppers every hour at Dixons Carphone over Christmas.

Workers at Vauxhall’s Ellesmere Port factory have demanded a new car to make in order to save their jobs.

Low-cost airlineEasyjethad a successful end to last year, recording an increase in revenue thanks to growth in passenger numbers and the many problems of its rival airlines.

Price cutting for promotional offers created a squeeze on margin forecasts which has prompted a plunge in online retailerN Brown's shares.

Hedge funds will demand Sky News be axed so they can make a quick profit on 21st Century Fox’s takeover of Sky, senior sources claimed last night.

SPACEY COSTSAllegations of sexual assault against Kevin Spacey have cost Netflix nearly £30million.

Thousands of jobs are at risk at Britain’s two biggest supermarkets as they pursue brutal cost-cutting drives.

British Airways owner IAG soared despite missing out on its bid for Austrian airline Niki.

Sales flatlined atWH Smithin the 20 weeks up to January 20 this year with the group dependent on its motorway services and train station stores to boost profits.

The chief executive of Britain’s largest estate agency groupCountrywidehas resigned days after the firm issued a profit warning that sent shares plunging into the red.

Fans of gin around the world are getting a taste for posh mixers as Fever-Tree finds success with drinkers in the US and Europe.

Tech giant Sage saw more than £574m knocked off its value after admitting its sales in the first quarter had been hampered by weakness in its French division.

President Donald Trump’s lieutenants have warned more protectionism is coming, as bosses from around the world brace for a new trade war.

The economic crisis in Venezuela – a country hailed by Jeremy Corbyn as a left-wing paradise – poses a major threat to the entire region, a top Colombian official has warned.

Sterling raced to its highest level since the aftermath of the Brexit vote last night as bumper jobs figures bolstered the currency against a fragile US dollar.

Housebuilder Crest Nicholson announced a shake-up of its board as it reported rising revenues and profits.

Health-conscious chocoholics are devouring a luxury low-sugar alternative produced by Hotel Chocolat to cure their sweet tooth.

Online retailer ASOS saw customers jump at the chance to 'try before you buy' with UK retail sales up 23 per cent in the last four months of 2017  to more than £300 million.

Greene Kingreported a fall in sales over the nine months to 14 January this year, blaming snow in December for a slump at the end of 2017.

Donald Trump’s aides are said to be rallying bosses to stay in Davos for his speech tomorrow, amid fears only a handful will turn up.

Bosses at Carillion made a £225m attack on the firm's pension scheme to put the company's finances on a stronger footing.

Toys R Us is preparing to close one-fifth of its stores in the US as it tries to claw itself back from bankruptcy.

Sales at WH Smith sunk after shoppers fell out of love with fads for grown-up Ladybird books and colouring-in.

HousebuilderCrest Nicholsonincreased its pre-tax profit by six per cent to £207million for the year to 31 October 2017 on the back of strong demand for new homes.

Construction firm Kier rocketed up the FTSE 350 after issuing a bullish trading update and distancing itself from Carillion's woes.

Garfunkel's owner The Restaurant Group saw a fall in sales due to a weaker UK dining market.

Theresa May has threatened to crack down on bitcoin amid fresh concerns that it is being used by criminals to launder their ill-gotten gains.

STAKE SALEUS buyout fund KKR has sold its 12.3 per cent stake in Pets at Home after the retailer reported strong sales.

Celebrities such as George Clooney and Justin Timberlake are raising the profile of tequila as sophisticated drinkers swap whisky and cognac for expensive versions of the Mexican liquor.

Shares in the Daily Mail and General Trust climbed yesterday after revenues rose in the first quarter.

The future of Sky News was plunged further into doubt after its chief executive said it was no longer critical to the business.

Mortgage lending fell to a four-and-a-half year low last month after the Bank of England raised interest rates.

Telecoms giantBThas been slapped with a £70,000 fine by regulator Ofcom for failing to provide it with all the information it needed for a review of its broadband and telephone services.

Budget hotel business easyHotel is boosting its portfolio with plans to open a 124-room £8.7million hotel in Milton Keynes by mid-2019.

A takeover ofGKNcould face delays due to national security concerns abroad.

WHO IS IT?Xafinity provides advisory, compliance and administration services to final salary pension schemes.

ITV boss Carolyn McCall is facing a battle with Virgin Media over an £80m bill for its main channel.

WATCHDOG FINETelecoms giant BT has been fined £70,000 by the regulator after failing to provide information for watchdog Ofcom’s review of broadband and phone services.

Hundreds of retail jobs face the chop as Sir Philip Green's Arcadia Group cuts costs amid a harsh trading environment on the High Street.

Glaxosmithkline’s breakthrough shingles vaccine has been backed by a European medicines panel, paving the way for approval by regulators.

Shares inMillennium & Copthornedived after shareholders rejected its billionaire owner's bid to take outright control.

It may not have been the top mover on AIM, butSummit Therapeuticsis more than worthy of kicking off this week’s column.

 The adage that the bookie always wins is being challenged by a crackdown on betting shops’ biggest money-spinners: fixed-odds betting terminals.

The ITV drama Brief Encounters helped profits at lingerie company Ann Summers soar by 180 per cent – spectacularly defying the gloom in the high street.

Superdry's largest shareholder has banked nearly £18 million after selling a chunk of his holding in the strong performing British fashion label.

LADY BOSSESFifty eight of the UK’s largest companies have agreed to try and ensure 30 per cent of their senior leadership teams are women by the end of 2020.

The booming share prices of the likes ofFevertree DrinksandASOScould spark a serious case of 'fear of missing out' among some stock market investors, but are these companies simply too expensive to consider buying now?

Predators desperate to snare GKN have pledged to pay £150million into its pension fund to help close a £700million black hole.

Relx Group is buying a California-based digital identity checker for £580m.

Two-thirds of pension schemes in the UK have black holes putting the retirement plans of millions of workers at risk.

One of Wall Street’s most ruthless vulture funds is targeting Sky as the British broadcaster tries to seal its £11.7billion sale to 21st Century Fox.

Dr Pepper’s owner is to merge with coffee company Keurig Green Mountain to form a beverages juggernaut.

Drinks wholesaler Conviviality left a sour taste in investors’ mouths after posting a 10 per cent fall in half-year profits.

Investors have called on Avon to consider selling itself.

Elon Musk has a hot new idea to fund his tunnel-digging company – selling flamethrowers.

HOLLYWOOD TIE-UPPeppa Pig-owner Entertainment One has bought out the Mark Gordon Company, the US television and film production firm behind the Steven Spielberg’s Saving Private Ryan and Grey’s Anatomy for £149million.

Private equity maestro Sir Damon Buffini joins the board of fund management giant Schroders on Thursday, as a non-executive director.

Superdry’s founder has cashed in £17.8million of shares in what is believed to be a bill for a divorce that has already cost him £52million.

KPMG will be investigated over Carillion’s books which it signed off before the constructor went bust.

Business events firm Informa has revealed the details of its £3.8 billion deal to buy rival UBM and merge the two companies.

Brexit is not deterring Britons from splurging on a piping hot slice of pizza, as Domino's Pizza raised its annual profit forecast with increasing sales driven by new store openings and the X Factor finale.

A rising pound may spell good news for holiday-makers looking to get more bang for their buck abroad, but could alarm the bigger companies in the FTSE index.

Another British corporate casualty.

 RBS’s humdrum chief Ross McEwan was yesterday asked to name his bank’s four core values by the Treasury Select Committee.

US private equity firm Blackstone Group is in talks to buy a 55 per cent stake in Thomson Reuters’s financial and risk business.

Booming demand for budget accommodation helped shares in hostel operator Safestay surge.

BURNS NOTICEVegan and gluten-free haggis helped lift sales at Waitrose by 0.7 per cent last week as Burns Night revellers looked for an alternative to the savoury pudding made with sheep meat.

Demand for fizzy drinks helped Hertfordshire-based soft drinks firmBritvicboost first quarter global sales by 3.3 per cent.

Shares in outsourcing firmCapitaplunged more than 40 per cent today after it warned that profits for 2018 would be much lower than expected and that drastic measures were need to turn the business around.

Santander UK'sexposure to collapsed services giant Carillion has hit the bank's annual profits, latest figures reveal.

Telecoms company TalkTalk saw more than £111m knocked off its value after analysts said it could no longer rely on being the cheapest in the market.

 Facebook last night revealed its sales rose by nearly half to a staggering £28.7bn in 2017 – the equivalent of £88 every second.

The boss of Santander has insisted he is the right man to lead the firm’s drive into business banking despite holding a top job at RBS as it drove small firms to the brink.

 Wall Street clocked up its longest winning streak for nearly 60 years last night as investors cheered Donald Trump’s pro-business blueprint for the world’s biggest economy.

More than £1bn was wiped off the value of outsourcing giant Capita after bosses revealed plans to overhaul the company and stop it from becoming the next Carillion.

Rescue teams were scouring the French coastline last night for signs of missing Quiksilver boss Pierre Agnes.

Oil giantShellhas reported a set of bumper annual results after profits doubled last year thanks to the surging price of crude.

Marks & Spencer shoppers and staff could be forced to make 30 mile round trips to visit their nearest store after the retailer revealed plans to shut up to 14 shops on high streets and in town centres.

Energy firms SSE and Npower are in talks with the competition watchdog over their planned merger amid concerns it will drive up prices for UK households.

A profit warning from government contractor Capita sent shares tumbling across the sector on Wednesday, just two weeks on from the collapse of construction giant Carillion.

Anglo-Dutch consumer goods giantUnileverhas posted a 4 per cent increase in final quarter sales across its global markets, helping the firm boost its full year profits.

Telecoms giantVodafoneclosed out 2017 with a whimper as it suffered a 3.6 per cent drop in revenues in the three months to 31 December, with total sales falling to £10.3billion.

Mecca Bingo halls and Grosvenor Casinos have been hit by the squeezed pockets of Britons who have chosen to stay in and gamble online rather than splash the cash on an evening out.

Sainsbury’s has forked out £60million to buy the Nectar loyalty card business in a bid to make the supermarket more profitable.

COPPER TARGETMining titan Glencore expects to significantly boost production of cobalt in the Democratic Republic of Congo.

Former BHS owner Dominic Chappell has been hit with a £10million bill to pump up the failed retailer’s pension schemes.

Defence titan GKN has slammed as derisory a £7.4billion hostile bid from turnaround specialist Melrose.

Amazon revealed a £125billion sales bonanza that left its rivals in the shade as three of Silicon Valley’s titans posted results.

The hunt for the next blockbuster brand has led Unilever to splash out billions on boutique labels.

Shares in office rental firm IWG plunged after the consortium trying to take it over backed away from its bid.

Morrisons is axing managers in a cull that could see up to 1,500 jobs lost.

Bitcoin’s value plunged to below the key level of $8,000 today amid fears of government crackdowns on digital currencies after US regulators launched an investigation into the sector this week.

Telecoms giant BT has revealed a fall in revenues for the last three months of 2017 as higher business rates and pension charges hit.

Purplebricks has hit back at criticism from the City after its shares were hit by a broker's claim that listing with the online estate agent is like 'a £1,000 coin toss'.

Stellar Diamondswas by far and away the top riser in London this week after the junior miner told investor investors it is in “advanced negotiations” over a possible takeover offer from Newfield Resources.

BUILDING GLOOMActivity in Britain’s construction sector came within of whisker of stagnation last month, sliding to a four-month low as housebuilders endured a tough start to the year.

The energy watchdog is to investigate whether Ovo Energy gave inaccurate information to customers over the amount of energy they had used.

A spat has broken out betweenPurplebricksand investment bank Jefferies over allegations the online estate agent sells fewer homes than it claims.

US firms ramped up hiring last month while wages rose at the fastest pace for nearly nine years – sending shares on Wall Street tumbling as investors worried about higher interest rates.

Astrazeneca is hailing a breakthrough in China as exports of its pioneering drugs hit £420million.

Gullible youngsters are feared to have lost thousands of pounds betting on bitcoin.

The High Street has been plunged into fresh turmoil amid debt worries and falling sales at New Look and House of Fraser.

British vacuum cleaner maker Gtech is creating 100 jobs in the UK as it shifts some of its operations from China back home.

Ryanair’s boss has slammed the UK government for ‘underestimating’ the impact a no-dealBrexitwill have onEUflights in a cautious trading update that sent shares in the budget airline down 3 per cent.

Phone talks Vodafone has played down reports of a takeover of US cable company Liberty Global, saying it is in early talks to buy just some of its European assets.

London shares have suffered their worst four-week period since October 2016 as the FTSE 100 index took another 1.4 per cent hit today.

Speculators around the world have dumped bitcoin as a leading central banker condemned it as no better than a Ponzi scheme.

Carillion bosses were warned about the damage spiralling debts and huge dividends were doing to the construction giant’s pension fund as far back as 2012, it has emerged.

Investors have pulled almost a fifth of their cash out of stock-picker Neil Woodford's fund.

A vulture hedge fund has swooped on the world’s biggest miner to force it to ditch its London based-arm and boost returns in Australia.

The founder of Soho House private members’ club is set to make a nine-figure sum as the firm eyes a £1.4bn listing in New York.

The myth that the City’s financial hegemony could be fatally wounded byBrexitneeded to be exploded.

The chief executive and chairman of Joules made almost £3million after selling shares in the fashion chain.

Plucky internet cable layer Cityfibre caused a stir in the UK last year when it announced an ambitious tie-up with Vodafone.

The rout in global stock markets appeared to subside this afternoon, but Wall Street saw wild swings after the opening bell.

CONGO CONCERNGold miner Randgold Resources has threatened legal action against the Democratic Republic of Congo over a mining code which will increase royalties owed to the government.

Booker's boss has been put in charge of Tesco’s stores.

Oil giantBPsaw profits more than double in one of the company's strongest years in recent history after the cost of crude soared.

British investment supermarketHargreaves Lansdownhas revealed it now has over 1 million active clients after a 61,000 jump since last June.

Online supermarketOcadohas reported a full-year loss in underlying earnings and warned that profits will dip in 2018, as it transforms itself into a technology provider.

Budget airlineEasyjethas revealed an 8.7 per cent boost in passenger numbers in January with 5.1 million customers jumping on board for their travels.

Customers flocked to Hargreaves Lansdown after a crisis at a rival platform run by Barclays.

CHINESE BOOSTChina’s biggest smartphone supplier Huawei Technologies will invest £3billion in the UK following a meeting between the firm’s chairman Sun Yafang and Prime Minister Theresa May.

Christian Louboutin is fighting for ownership of his signature red soles.

Hollywood Bowl Group’s boss was handed shares worth more than £250,000 yesterday.

Stagecoach shares came off the rails as investors took a dim view of the firm’s fiasco on the East Coast line.

Ocado boss Tim Steiner has come clean about his presence at the sleazy male-only Presidents Club charity do which took place last month.

Eat is considering axing a number of restaurants as it deals with pressures from rivals like Pret A Manger, Itsu and Leon.

Computer programs which trade on fear were last night blamed for turmoil on the global markets as a stock sell-off entered its second day.

 Brewdog is opening a brewery in Australia as it continues an expansion which has seen its price tag reach £1billion in just over ten years.

Royal Bank of Scotland is under pressure to cancel a sweeping branch closure programme after it U-turned on shutting a string of Scottish sites.

Estate agencyBelvoir Lettingsis poised to hoover up some of the smaller firms who can't handle the pressure of a government ban on letting agent fees due to come into force next year.

Global stock markets nose-dived this week as the so-called 'fear index' rocketed, a sharp wake up call to stock pickers who may have hoped last year's run of steady price gains would continue.

Mining giantRio Tintoannounced a record dividend for shareholders on Wednesday after posting its highest annual profit in three years thanks to stronger commodity prices.

Theresa May yesterday signalled that the takeover of one of the UK's leading industrial firms will be blocked if it is not in the national interest.

A luxury yacht builder based in Southampton has collapsed with 400 employees expected to lose their jobs.

Furniture retailer Warren Evans has become the latest casualty of the high street, putting almost 300 jobs at risk.

GlaxoSmithKline boss Emma Walmsley has revealed record £30billion sales as it enters a pivotal year.

BREWER FLATProfits at Carlsberg have plunged more than 70 per cent after a crackdown onalcoholabuse inRussiatook the fizz out of beer sales.

Billionaire Paul Singer’s ruthless hedge fund has increased its stake in Sky as the future of the broadcaster’s news channel hangs in the balance.

A worldwide debt binge could trigger the next financial crisis and tip Britain back into recession, former Bank of England governor Lord King has warned.

A fat cat housebuilder is tarnishing his whole industry by clinging onto a toxic bonus worth as much as £131million, a rival boss has said.

Shares in Britain staged a long-awaited comeback yesterday asDonald Trumpbranded the US-led sell-off of recent days a ‘big mistake’.

Department store chainDebenhamsis axing 320 manager level jobs as its cost cutting drive deepens amid struggling sales across its branches.

Fox boss James Murdoch is confident it will finish its £11.7billion takeover of British broadcaster Sky in the summer despite regulator concerns.

Drugs titan Glaxosmithkline faces a fresh bribery probe over allegations it paid doctors to prescribe its medicines to patients.

Britain's biggest travel agent hailed a strong start to the year as holidaymakers took a shine again to sun-soaked holidays in the Mediterranean.

After launching the world's most powerful rocket into space, Earth-bound production issues might have seemed small-time to Elon Musk.

A handbag shortage hit sales at French fashion house Hermes.

BUILDER BULLISHHousebuilder Bellway is lining up a double-digit rise in revenues and expects half-year housing revenues to climb 14 per cent to £1.3billion, as customer appetite stays strong.

Twitter shares jumped by 23 per cent as it reported its first quarterly profit despite struggling to entice new users.

Investors endured another violent swing on the market as the FTSE 100 fell 1.5 per cent, or 108.73 points, to 7170.69, losing most of the ground it had regained the previous session.

AA saw sales of motor policies soar as it looked set to recover from the scandal which embroiled its former chairman.

One of the UK's largest travel companies Thomas Cook has said demand for summer holidays abroad shows no sign of slowing but warned of a competitive and 'unpredictable' market.

Travel firm Hogg Robinson soared after a double whammy of a takeover offer and the sale of part of its business.

When Emma Walmsley was growing up, her family would hold an annual debate as to where they should spend their summer holidays.

Bankers will make £111million but up to 1,600 staff will lose their jobs when a £4billion takeover of the Queen’s gambling firm Ladbrokes Coral goes ahead, it emerged last night.

The Daily Mirror’s owner is buying the Daily Express and Daily Star for £127m.

Profits at Nationwide slipped after a slump in buy-to-let mortgages.

Earnings soar Profits at Tata Steel have risen five-fold over the latest quarter to £145million, boosted by volume growth in India and rising steel prices.

Takeover target GKN is expected to lift the lid next week on a major plan to boost profits.

The hedge fund taking over a care homes chain that looks after 17,000 vulnerable residents has thrown it a £70m lifeline while restructuring talks continue.

Under-siege engineering firm GKN is set to reveal a turnaround plan this week as bosses try to fight off a hostile takeover.

Investors are braced for another week of turmoil as the spectre of inflation rattles global stock markets.

Pressure was last night mounting on City watchdogs to publish their full findings on Royal Bank of Scotland’s toxic turnaround unit after fresh details leaked.

The company behind major household brands such as Russell Hobbs and Salter saw its share price plummet on Monday after a reporting a huge dip in takings over the last six months.

Shares grounded Ryanair boss Michael O’Leary could force British investors to sell their stock if the UK fails to strike a Brexit deal.

Energy and engineering services firm Wood Group has clinched a 'multi-million dollar' contract with the oil giant Saudi Aramco, sending the company's shares up 1.75 per cent from 10.6p to 616p.

Media mogulRupert Murdochhas offered protections for Sky News in a bid to get his company’s £11.7bn takeover of Sky over the finishing line.

Online retail giantAmazonis cutting hundreds of jobs as it focuses on investing in rapidly growing areas such as its voice control assistant, Alexa.

While many of the blue-chip commodity companies staged a comeback, Acacia Mining’s decision to scrap its dividend saw it buck the trend.

Vue International is making its first foray intoSaudi Arabiajust months after a 35-year ban on commercial cinemas was lifted.

Donald Trump could privatise the International Space Station in a bid to cut down the billions of dollars the US spends on its space programme.

Robot traders blamed for wreaking havoc on financial markets are being targeted in a crackdown by the Bank of England.

Car dealer Pendragon's shares rallied by 15 per cent during morning trading, despite the company experiencing a slump in full year profits of 20 per cent.

Travel firmTUIhas said UK demand for holidays has been 'resilient' despite hiking prices 8 per cent over the winter to make up for the weak pound.

The boss of JP Morgan Chase has more than doubled his money after betting on the success of his bank two years ago when shares around the world were tanking.

Millions of Barclays customers face turmoil as it battles a fraud case that could see it stripped of its licence to operate.

BHP Billiton, the multinational mining company, has been hit with a £1.3bn bill following changes to corporate tax law in the US.

Engineering groupGKNhas confirmed it plans to dole out £2.5billion in cash payments to shareholders over the next three years.

Shares inSkyandBThave risen today as investors approved of their purchase of broadcasting rights to a string of Premier League football matches.

The chief executive of sugar firm Tate & Lyle has given £8.5million of stock to his two children after announcing his retirement.

Shares in Coca-Cola's bottling company popped after it patted itself on the back following an 'exceptional year'.

 DRYING OUTCustomers at Waitrose have been celebrating the end of dry January, with the grocer reporting a 27 per cent rise in craft beers and gin sales up 14 per cent last week.

Fashion retailer H&M has warned investors that sales are likely to fall again this year.

Gun-maker Remington has filed for bankruptcy after a sales slump blamed on the election of US President Donald Trump.

Uber's annual losses ballooned by almost 65 per cent last year, soaring to £3.3billion compared with £2billion in 2016.

Calls were last night growing for 21st Century Fox to increase its £11.7billion offer for British broadcaster Sky.

Laura Ashley'shalf-year sales and profits have fallen again amid 'challenging' market conditions and the pound's weaker value.

For many the video game world can be something of a mystery, the preserve of youngsters and tech-savvy 'geeks' – but for others it has become a way of life.

Virgin Media's price hikes helped the company to boost its sales figures in the final few months of last year, its latest results show.

Standard Life Aberdeen, Europe's second-biggest fund manager, has seen its shares fall after Lloyds Banking Group said it is pulling out £100billion which it was managing on behalf of Lloyd's Scottish Widows business.

GKN has warned shareholders of the 'entirely opportunistic' hostile takeover bid by Melrose in a stinging letter that slammed the firm for an offer it says 'fundamentally undervalues' the business.

Shares in British interiors and womenswear firm Laura Ashley tumbled after it issued a third profit warning in 12 months.

SATELLITE INTERNETBroadband internet could soon be beamed into homes, serving 3bn people, by Elon Musk’s SpaceX after the firm won regulatory backing for a new network of satellites.

The world’s biggest hedge fund has taken a £15billion bet against Europe – despite growing hopes its economy has finally taken off.

Plane maker Airbus has taken a fresh £1.1billion hit for its troubled A400m military cargo carrier – denting profits and bringing total losses on the project to more than £7billion.

London continues to attract technology workers despite gloomy predictions it would lose its crown to other European cities.

Train and aeroplane maker Bombardier reported rising profits as it seeks to put a damaging US trade row behind it.

Nearly £800million was wiped off the value of beleaguered investment firm Standard Life Aberdeen after it lost its biggest customer.

The boss of GKN last night warned that a takeover by predator Melrose would destroy the British engineering giant as the battle for control of the company intensified.

British fashion designers are launching an online assault to target rich millennials wanting to splash out on expensive clothes and accessories.

Investors in anti-addiction specialist Indivior had to swallow a bitter pill after it set aside tens of millions of pounds to fight legal battles.

Tesco's planned £3.7billion takeover of wholesale giant Booker has been hit by another setback after shareholders were advised to block the deal.

The Royal Mail boss has joined the board of one of the world’s biggest miners.

It may be the 'Year of the Dog' for China, but for investors looking to avoid the bite of market falls and economic turmoil – is the Asian nation a good bet for 2018?

FTSE 250 construction firm Balfour Beatty is part of a joint venture that has scooped a £1.4 billion contract to build a train network at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX).

Britain's biggest toy shop chain could collapse next week after being hit with a £15million tax bill.

Shoppers splashed out on gym kit last month as they embarked on a New Year health drive, according to figures.

POWER SLUMPEnergy supplier EDF reported a 33 per cent fall in earnings in the UK despite hiking gas and electricity prices.

The online shopping boom has boosted warehouse ownerSegro.

Mulberrylast night pledged to continue making its leather goods in Somerset in a vote of confidence for Brexit Britain.

GKNis preparing to plug a black hole in its pension scheme as it battles a £7.4billion hostile takeover attempt from turnaround firm Melrose.

Balfour Beattyhas secured work on a £1.4billion US contract which is likely to reassure nervous investors.

High Street mogul Sir Philip Green is considering selling all or part of his Arcadia Group empire to a rapidly expanding Chinese firm.

Reckitt Benckiser, the maker of Durex condoms, Dettol and Nurofen, said it expects sales to pick up this year after a tough 2017 in which revenues remained flat amid difficult market conditions and a cyber attack.

Predatory turnaround firm Melrose is planning to offload one of its divisions as it ramps up its £7.4bn fight for engineer GKN.

 One of Carillion’s biggest shareholders has accused its management of failing to warn the market about its catastrophic financial problems – and revealed it considered suing the bankrupt builder for investors’ losses.

Top move Tesco UK chief executive Matt Davies, 47, is expected to be announced as the new chairman of online fashion firm N Brown.

Over-50s insurance and travel firm Saga has appointed former Old Mutual boss Patrick O'Sullivan to its board as it scrambles to recover from the collapse of Monarch airlines last year.

UK companies took a cautious approach to dividends last year and raised them by just 3 per cent on average after cutting payments back the previous year in the wake of the Brexit referendum.

Local shop chain McColl’s saw shares dip more than 10 per cent at one point today after it said the demise of supplier Palmer & Harvey has caused its sales to dip.

Sir Philip Green has issued a fierce rebuttal to reports he plans to sell his retail empire to a Chinese textiles giant.

 Santander has held crisis talks concerning the future of UK chief executive Nathan Bostock over his involvement with a toxic banking unit.

A historic knitwear firm that makes jumpers for Prince George's school has collapsed.

Struggling Saga has appointed the head of an Anglo-South African finance behemoth as its next chairman.

Super-fast electric car charging points could be installed on motorways, under proposals by National Grid.

The boss of regeneration specialist MJ Gleeson is in line for a windfall of nearly £100,000 after he agreed to sell some of his own land to the firm for development.

 The controversial boss of Jet2 was £68million richer last night after a bullish trading update drove shares in his business to a record high.

Investors fled the AA over fears the roadside assistance firm could be about to slash its dividend.

HYPER TRAINSSir Richard Branson’s firm Virgin Hyperloop One has proposed a high-tech train system in India, making the 75-mile journey between Pune and Mumbai airport in just 25 minutes.

Mark Carney last night admitted that the Bank of England is powerless to stop the next financial crisis.

Global bankHSBCsuffered in trading on Tuesday despite reporting an 11 per cent jump in adjusted profits before tax for 2017 and revenues of £36.8 billion.

Asdasaw sales growth slowed down sharply in theChristmasquarter despite higher inflation and weak comparatives for last year.

Shares in homewares retailer Dunelmslumped almost 10 per cent this morning as it revealed profit margins had come under serious pressure.

Shares in Intercontinental Hotels Group fell this morning after the group said it would not pay out any additional capital to investors this year, despite unveiling better-than-expected profit, as it announced investments to speed up growth.

An investment vehicle backed by Jacob Rothschild plans to plough up to £125million into financial technology firms.

DRONE TRIALTelecoms giant Vodafone is trialling a technology to help protect aircraft from collisions with drones.

The number of cars on roads around the world is set to double to 2bn by 2040 as the global economy grows, according to predictions by BP.

Intercontinental Hotels Group (IHG) has unveiled a chain of budget hotels which will have gyms and free snacks and drinks.

HSBC’S departing boss insists he has no regrets over his running of the scandal hit bank – as he picked up £6.1million in a pay deal.

Almost £23billion was wiped off the world's biggest retailer last night as it fought a losing battle with bitter rivalAmazon.

A family-owned chain of decorators’ merchants has been sold for more than £80million.

Another British tech star looks set to be bought by an overseas rival after a Swiss bank made a £1.4billion bid for Fidessa.

Shares in roadside recovery companyAAhave fallen 25 per cent this morning after the company cut its profit expectations.

Lloyds Banking Grouphas hailed a 'landmark year,' boasting a 24 per cent surge in profits in its first year back as a fully private sector company.

Metro Bank'sshare price has fallen over 7 per cent, despite the company revealing its first ever annual pre-tax profit.

House builderBarratt Developmentsis cashing in on the demand for homes across the UK with bumper half-year profits in the last six months of 2017.

Big-name fund manager Neil Woodford has taken another hit after his slice of roadside recovery groupAA lost 25 per cent of its value on Wednesday.

Mining and commodity trading groupGlencoresaid the results it achieved last year were its 'strongest on record.'

Shares inAmazonhave hit $1,500 for the first time in yet another major milestone.

Santander's links to a toxic banking scandal could disqualify it from applying for a multi-million-pound competition fund, a rival boss has warned.

Mining titan Glencore has posted its best-ever results, boosting boss Ivan Glasenberg’s pockets by around £4billion.

The strategy director of Coca-Cola’s bottling company pocketed more than £1.2million this week after he sold 49,000 shares.

FLOAT PLANTroubled German lender Deutsche Bank is plotting to float its asset management arm next month.

Almost £200million was wiped off the value of the AA after the roadside rescue firm warned on profits and bet its future on new technology.

A ruthless US hedge fund with a history of targeting firms in takeover talks has set its sights on City tech pioneer Fidessa.

Air France flights from Nice will today be cancelled due (quelle surprise!)

Banking giant Barclays reported a 10 per cent jump in profits to £3.54bn in 2017, but huge one-off costs undid the improved trading performance.

Centrica, the owner of British Gas, has announced a 17 per cent fall in profit but its shares rose despite this as investors welcomed the fact it has managed to keep its dividend in tact.

Comparison website Moneysupermarket.com saw more than a quarter of its value wiped off at one stage today after its annual results undershot expectations and it warned of slower growth this year.

Anglo Americanhas reported a 45 per cent increase in annual earnings, halved its net debt and claimed to be 'fundamentally different' from during the commodity downturn in its latest results.

The owners of London Southend Airport looked set last night to launch a takeover bid for struggling airline Flybe.

If the eye-popping Moneysupermarket TV adverts have not grabbed your attention, the disastrous performance of its shares might.

Ministers are scrambling to convince consumer giant Unilever to keep its UK headquarters after the Dutch launched a charm offensive to woo the company.

Primark owner Associated British Foods has appointed former M&G boss Michael McLintock as chairman.

One of Britain's biggest builders faces a shareholder revolt over a 'preposterous' bonus scheme that could see its boss handed £131million.

A watchdog says it should have acted quicker to force bust builder Carillion to pay in more to plug the ballooning deficit in its pension fund.

DIVIDEND RISEProfits at miner Anglo American have increased 45 per cent to £6.3billion while debt has almost halved to £3.2billion.

Engineering giant BAE Systems is confident of winning new orders for the Eurofighter Typhoon – a key programme for UK jobs.

TheRoyal Bank of Scotland(RBS) has moved out of the red for the first time in a decade with annual profits of £752 million.

British Airways owner-IAGincreased profits by 19 per cent in 2017, driven by strong travel demand and low oil prices.

Serial business-buyer Phoenix Group was the talk of the trading floor yesterday after completing a £3.2billion deal for Standard Life Aberdeen's insurance business.

British Airwayshas launched a war on low-cost long-haul airlines by offering its own cheaper deals to far-flung destinations.

BOARD SHAKE-UPThe chairman of banking group HSBC is plotting a drastic shake-up of his boardroom, it is claimed.

SHOP FEARSStruggling fashion retailer New Look could shut as many as 60 of its 600 UK stores as online shopping wrecks its business model.

The owner of budget fashion chain Primark has said it expects sales of clothing will be down in its full results after taking a hefty hit from unseasonably warm October weather last year.

Profits at insurer Hiscox slumped by 91 per cent during 2017, as the industry faced a 'historic year for natural catastrophes'.

The value of Provident Financial shares has fallen to a 22 year low, following reports it is attempting to raise £500 million to pay for the fallout from a mis-selling scandal and boost its balance sheet.

Royal Mailhas been tipped for a triumphant return to the FTSE 100 this week, six months after its tumbling share price saw it relegated from the elite index of companies.

DIAMOND BOSSThe chief executive of Lucara Diamond Corp, William Lamb, is retiring and will be replaced by co-founder and director Eira Thomas.

Hedge funds have increased their bets against troubled outsourcer Interserve as its shares crashed another 12 per cent amid concerns it was struggling to raise cash from lenders.

There was more woe for Neil Woodford yesterday as shares in doorstep lender Provident Financial plunged further.

La Perla has been bought by the investment house owned by entrepreneur Lars Windhorst as losses at the luxury lingerie retailer continue to mount.

Eddie Stobart could disappear from the roads in a row over who owns the name.

Aston Martin has powered to its first annual profit since 2010 after a surge in sales in the US, China and the UK.

The disgraced former boss of Lloyds is clashing with his old bank in court this week as he demands it pays him a £1.3million bonus.

Jones Bootmaker is set to change hands for the second time in less than a year.

Takeover-targetGKN'sannual statutory pre-tax profits increased by 125 per cent to £658million last year, it said today.

Shares in house builder Persimmon surged 12 per cent higher on Tuesday after the group reported underlying profits rose by a quarter to £977.1 million last year.

Provident Financialshares rocketed 70 per cent today after its results were warmly welcomed by investors who clearly feared much worse.

Rupert Murdoch's 21st Century Fox is expected to increase its offer for Sky after America's biggest cable TV network launched an audacious £22billion takeover bid.

HighStreet bakery chain Greggs is laying off several hundred employees as it transfers production of its sausage rolls and doughnuts to robots.

Toys R Us and electricals retailer Maplin have gone bust, putting 5,500 jobs at risk.

US cable television giant Comcast may have stolen the show yesterday with a £22billion bid for Sky, but it was also a busy day for the small-caps.

LIPSTICK LIFTSunscreen and cosmetics helped chemicals firm Croda's sales rise 10.4 per cent to £1.3billion with profits up 13.9 per cent to £314million.

Customers ripped off by struggling doorstep lender Provident Financial could get almost £190million in compensation.

Just when Rupert Murdoch and the top brass at 21st Century Fox thought they may be closing in on full ownership ofSkyafter a pursuit spanning several years, a bolt from the blue has thrown it up in the air.

ITV's new boss Carolyn McCall said she will refresh the broadcaster's strategy as an advertising slowdown dented profits, despite the strong growth of online and on-demand viewing.

London-focused estate agent Foxtons has more than halved its dividend after seeing profits plunge 65 per cent as it feels the pain from a slowdown in the capital's property market.

Insurer Admiral handed a share windfall to its staff after it saw profits jump by 45 per cent last year, as it attracted more customers and sold more policies.

Fears of a property market slowdown spooked investors yesterday.

The London Stock Exchange is named British company of the year by trade group UK Israel Business.

MERGER APPROVEDShareholders in Tesco and wholesaler Booker have given the green light for the two firms to merge in a £3.7billion deal.

Britain's top female banker pocketed £2.7million last year.

Carpetright has said it expects to end its year at a loss after a store reinvestment programme failed to pay off and it issued its third profit warning in a matter of months.

The boss of the world's largest advertising agency,WPPhas admitted 2017 was 'not a pretty year' with the company reporting its worst result since the financial crisis of 2009.

An electronics firm formed from one of Britain's most historic shipbuilders has been bought by a US company.

Investors have cold shouldered online fashion retailer Koovs' plans for expansion.

Legoland is set to open its first theme park in China as owner Merlin Entertainments looks to exploit a rise in visitors by building more hotels.

Fears are growing for the future of Mothercare and Carpetright as their stocks plummeted following the collapse of Toys R Us and Maplin.

Britain’s biggest luxury brand Burberry has appointed an Italian famed for making racy outfits forMadonnaand other stars.

Shares in technology and defence giant Cobham leapt as the troubled firm returned to profit one year into a turnaround plan.

Hostile takeover targetGKNis in talks to sell its automotive arm to US car-parts maker firm Dana Corporation.

BEER BOOMCalorie-counting millennials are knocking back Bud Light, which contains a third fewer calories than most regular beers, as an alternative to regular lager.

Donald Trump's proposed hike in steel tariffs could have have a 'significant impact' on the UK an industry body has warned, as a global backlash against the proposals gains momentum.

The FTSE 100 index closed down 1.47 per cent today, or 105.7 points, at 7,069.9.

Revolution Bars Grouphas seen its share price fall by 5 per cent after announcing a first-half loss.

Profits rose  at theLondon Stock Exchange Grouplast year as it moved forward with appointing a new chief executive according to its latest financial results.

Mothercare has attempted to reassure investors that it will not be the next big retail casualty after the collapse of Toys R Us and Maplin spooked shareholders earlier this week.

Households have been left unwittingly exposed to a debt bubble that experts say could be about to burst.

Revolution Barsis overhauling its food menu as a growing appetite for healthier options put a dent in its sales.

Digital currencies such as bitcoin face a crackdown after Bank of England boss Mark Carney launched a scathing attack.

It’s safe to say Donald Trump won’t be welcome in theRio Tintoboardroom any time soon.

One of Brian Roberts’s proudest moments came at Philadelphia University when he won a key squash fixture no-one expected him to against rivals Harvard.

Profits at theLondon Stock Exchangesoared 19 per cent to £915million after a torrid year in which its chief executive stepped down.

NEW ROLEThe boss of the British and Irish arm of German discounter Aldi, Matthew Barnes, has been promoted to the coordination board of parent Aldi South.

Mike Ashley has almost a 30 per cent stake in struggling department storeDebenhamsafter snapping up another chunk of shares.

Engineering giantGKNis days away from merging its automotive arm with a US ally in an eleventh-hour bid to fend off a hostile takeover.

Global markets could be panicked into a fresh slump in coming weeks as the US bond sell-off deepens.

An investment fund started by one of the founders of Punch Taverns has thrown its weight behind the rescue of troubled outsourcer Interserve.

Victims of one of Britain’s biggest financial scandals are set to receive hundreds of millions of pounds in a one-off payment.

LSE PROBEA City veteran is to lead an investigation into the dramatic boardroom struggle at the London Stock Exchange that led to the ousting of chief executive Xavier Rolet.

A third of the UK's biggest 100 restaurant groups in the UK are loss-making as they suffer from market 'oversaturation' and rising staff costs, a new report claims.

The Daily Mirror's publisher has unveiled another fall in revenues as it announced it will change its name following its recent acquisition of the Daily Express.

Amazon is in talks with banks about creating its own current account service.

Melrose's takeover of GKN would damage the pensions of 32,000 workers, a watchdog has warned.

The economy picked up pace last month after a slow start to the year, while the resurgent eurozone slowed, latest figures show.

Troubled Interserve could slash 1,000 more jobs in its bid to stave off bankruptcy.

LIBOR FINEA rogue trader at Deutsche Bank has been fined £180,000 for rigging Libor lending rates.

The boss tasked with reviving Bovis's fortunes has bought nearly £95,000 of shares in the housebuilder as analysts talked up its future.

The boss of Intercontinental Hotels Group was handed £650,000 to resettle in the UK after taking the top job.

Takeaway delivery firm Just Eat revealed it swung to a loss last year, sending its shares tumbling more than 10 per cent.

The Government is facing mounting pressure to intervene in Melrose's proposed hostile £7.4billion takeover of GKN after the companies' bosses faced a grilling by MPs today and unions said Melrose was an 'asset stripper'.

Smith & Nephew boss Olivier Bohuon saw his pay rise by half in 2017, figures show.

Women at Majestic Wines are paid more than their male colleagues, according to gender pay data.

Tesco shareholders were dancing in the aisles for a second day running as the supermarket chain was named one of the fastest-growing in the UK.

Television viewers will be bombarded with personalised adverts based on their favourite programmes under a system developed by ITV.

British companies snapped up £76.6billion of foreign businesses in a spending spree last year – the highest figure since the start of the millennium.

Fears are growing for the future of House of Fraser after its owner revealed plans to sell its majority stake to a little-known Chinese company.

TOP STOREDiscounter Lidl raced ahead to boast the highest sales growth of all the major supermarkets in the 12 weeks to February 24 to total 14.8 per cent, according to data from Nielsen.

Shares in Just Eat dived more than 12 per cent after it revealed plans to invest £50million this year to increase its own army of delivery drivers.

Shares in the paper and packaging industry soared after American predators swooped on Europe's largest cardboard box maker.

McCarthy & Stone has reined in development in the wake of a government crackdown on toxic leases.

TheRoyal Bank of Scotlandhas been slapped with a £360million penalty by US authorities for 'deceptive practices' in its selling of toxic mortgage investments in the run up to the global financial crisis.

Shares in Rolls-Royce jumped by more than 14 per cent today after it swung back into profit and signalled it would cut more jobs as it pushes ahead with a turnaround plan.

The owner of the Frankie and Benny's restaurant chain reported a slip in sales in 2017 but saw its share price soar 12 per cent higher on Wednesday.

The AA boss sacked over a hotel brawl is suing the company for up to £220million – and claims he was victimised while suffering from stress.

Shares in Rolls-Royce rose more than 11 per cent after the British engineering titan reported a surge in profits as it continued its turnaround under Warren East.

Victoria Beckhamhas appointed fashion industry veteran Ralph Toledano as chairman of her clothing company as she battles to turn it around.

CHIEF POACHEDLittlewoods and Very owner Shop Direct has poached gambling firm Rank Group’s boss Henry Birch to head the company.

If you like a flutter, you're unlikely to feel sorry for Paddy Power Betfair when it tells you why it's losing business: it keeps winning.

The chief executive of Yolo Leisure & Technology has bought shares worth nearly £1million in the firm.

The boss of British supercar maker McLaren has said it will adapt to Brexit come what may.

Sixty-three head office jobs at Maplin have been axed just over a week after the electronics retailer collapsed into the hands of the administrators.

High street chains Wagamama and TGI Friday's, and hotels giant Marriott, topped a list of firms named and shamed by the Government for failing to pay workers the national minimum wage.

You can forgive the directors of Conviviality, the parent of Bargain Booze, for wanting to hit the bottle yesterday.

The John Lewis Partnership will axe jobs after a 77pc fall in profits that also saw it slash staff bonuses to the lowest level in more than 60 years.

Millions of families are being hit by eye-watering price rises on rail fares and student loan repayments because the Government is using a widely discredited measure of inflation, officials have warned A report by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) yesterday found that the Retail Prices Index (RPI), which is also used to set a string of taxes, including tobacco and alcohol duties, 'is likely to overstate inflation' – resulting in unfair increases in many living costs.

British engineering bosses have warned the hostile takeover bid for manufacturing giant GKN could harm UK industry.

The 'ethical' Co-operative supermarket chain is facing a probe into its treatment of suppliers after it apologised for charging sky-high fees and refunded 110 firms a total of £500,000.

PAY CLAIMEmployees at Next are looking to launch a £30million equal pay claim against the High Street retailer.

Foxy Bingo ownerGVCenjoyed a 24 per cent increase in sales to £799.4million last year, bolstered by its acquisition of bwin.party and an upturn in mobile betting.

With the nature of Britain's post-Brexit relationship with the EU remaining unclear, UBS has said it is pressing ahead with plans to relocate staff from London.

London-based satellite giantInmarsathas cut its dividend to invest more cash into its aviation arm.

Claire's is on the verge of becoming the latest high street casualty as it teeters on the brink of bankruptcy.

WHO IS IT?Tharisais a platinum and chrome miner that operates out of a site in the Bushveld Complex of South Africa.

A secretive Chinese billionaire who has never owned a British business or run a shop has been unmasked as the potential owner of House of Fraser, the Mail can reveal.

TroubledSIGhas said a number of employees will leave the business following disciplinary investigations relating to accounting irregularities and mis-stated profits.

One of the world's most powerful bankers is stepping down after more than a decade at the top of international finance.

WASTE NOTWaste management firmRenewiis quitting a loss-making contract in Dumfries and Galloway and Buckinghamshire, writing off £73million on those and other contracts.

Caffè Nero has not paid a penny in UK corporation tax for a decade despite selling around £2billion of lattes and flat whites.

Drinks supplier Conviviality has been accused of calling time on its customers well before last week’s profit warning.

An executive in charge of the division at Lloyds Banking Group that was supposed to help rescue troubled firms admitted the unit was out to make a profit, it has emerged.

One of the executives who presided over BP’s disastrous Deepwater Horizon oil spill has been handed a $3million (£2.2million) shares windfall.

Employees at Harrods fear their pay could be cut under plans to overhaul sales commissions.

Two British billionaires are backing the race to beat antibiotic-resistant bacteria.

Persimmon boss Jeff Fairburn has come under fire from the chair of an influential parliamentary committee that is gearing up to interrogate him over his £100million bonus.

At least four restaurants are disappearing from the High Street every day as food chains battle to stay afloat.

CASH BIDOutsourcer Capita is planning to sell off up to six or seven of its businesses in a bid to raise cash and prevent a collapse similar to Carillion.

Italian fashion house Prada is hoping a new range of £560 trainers will continue to boost sales after its performance flagged last year.

Welsh ice cream and gluten-free pies from Yorkshire are some of the locally sourced products Morrisons will add to its shelves this week as its customers ask for more British food.

Melrose Industrieshas raised the stakes in its takeover battle for UK engineering giant GKN by upping its offer to £8.1billion.

Nearly 400 retailers, including big high street names like New Look and Mothercare, could struggle to make higher debt repayments if interest rates go up as expected this year, a new report claims.

Investment platform AJ Bell has revealed plans to list on the London Stock Exchange later this year - and hopes to tempt its customers into taking part through an ‘exclusive’ share offer.

Metro Bank’s boss has sold £2.5million of stock – days after the small lender’s price hit an all-time high.

Peter Plumb, the wonderfully named chief executive of takeaway firmJust Eat, is learning quickly that he can’t have his cake and eat it, too.

FLOAT DELAYSaudi state oil firm Aramco will not go public until 2019, the kingdom’s officials have told British civil servants.

Insurance giant Legal & General Group (L&G), has snapped up the rest of house-builder Cala in a takeover deal valuing the company at £605 million.

Fever-Tree, the maker of posh tonic waters and sodas, is poised to expand across the US on the back of a 66 per cent increase in sales, during 2017.

Fashion retailer French Connection is 'very close' to returning to profitable trading, despite posting annual losses for the sixth consecutive year.

GKN’s largest customer Airbus became the latest opponent to Melrose’s £8.1billion takeover bid for the engineering firm.

Fevertree is hoping a range of low-calorie mixers will put the fizz back in its share price after it fell nearly 4 per cent.

FLOATING STREAMMusic streaming service Spotify will list on the New York Stock Exchange in April.

Fraudsters are targeting people who hold a treasurer or accounting role in schools.

You would hope Greencore's sandwiches taste better than the enormous losses it has plated up for investors.

Aviva has threatened to cancel high-yielding shares – triggering sharp falls in the value of similar bonds.

Glaxosmithkline boss Emma Walmsley took home nearly £5million last year after nine months in the top job.

Donald Trumpstunned Wall Street and sent a message that critical US firms would be protected after he blocked a £100billion takeover that would have been the biggest technology merger in history.

Hammerson’s boss took a £715,000 pay cut last year – but still earned almost £2million.

Bradford-based supermarket chainMorrisonsenjoyed a 16.9 per cent rise in bottom line profits last year, bringing the total to £380million.

The Co-operative Bank has narrowed its losses by £336.8million in the last year, thanks to a cost-cutting drive.

Zara owner Inditex saw its annual net profits rise to £3billion last year, marking a 7 per cent increase on a year earlier.

Insurance and pensions heavyweightPrudentialhas announced a split of its business with the UK unit M&G Prudential being spun–off from the rest of the company.

Consumer goods giantUnileveris on the verge of rubber stamping plans to scrap itsLondonheadquarters in favour of a single base in Rotterdam.

Bargain Booze owner Conviviality shocked shareholders after revealing it owed £30million in taxes, forcing it to suspend trading in shares and cancel its dividend.

Consumer goods giant Unilever last night looked to be on the brink of ditching its British head office and moving to the Netherlands.

Intercontinental Hotels Group (IHG) has snapped up a majority stake in a luxury Taiwanese hotels business after revealing a planned spending spree on boutique hotels earlier this year.

CO-OP LOSSStruggling Co-op Bank lost £140.3million in 2017 – its fifth straight year in the red – less than the £500million it lost in 2016.

Insurer Prudential is splitting in two – with the fast-growing Asian and US business hived off from its slow and steady UK division.

The US car supplier that plans to buy GKN's automotive arm would consider listing shares in both London and New York, dealing a further blow to predator Melrose's takeover bid for the firm.

Construction giant Balfour Beatty more than doubled its annual profits – despite a £44million hit from the collapse of Carillion.

Morrisons has rewarded investors with a £238million payout as it ramps up British produce sales.

Shares in PZ Cussons, the group behind Carex and Imperial Leather soap, fell by more than 20 per cent this morning after it warned over profits.

Upmarket estate agent Savills has cautioned over a slower momentum in some parts of the property market, but seems to be weathering the UK slowdown better than its rivals as it cheered a 'resilient' performance.

Virgin Atlantic swung to its first loss in four years as the pound's tumbling, hurricane disruption and engine supply woes took their toll.

City veteran Michael Spencer is in talks to sell the business he set up more than 30 years ago in a deal that would net him hundreds of millions of pounds.

The boss of the largest tobacco company in the world had a 37 per cent pay increase last year.

More than 5m people switched on to Amazon's TV series to watch shows such as The Grand Tour, figures from the internet giant show.

Shares in soap maker PZ Cussons fell down the plughole after a profit warning.

Pottery firm Portmeirion has posted a record profit as Americans kept snapping up fine dining tableware.

Cineworld posted blockbuster results as it prepares to make its US debut after buying Regal Entertainment – making it the second-largest chain in the world.

Housebuilder Persimmon has hired a new chairman as it seeks to restore its battered reputation following a blazing row over fat cat pay.

BANK PROFITSelf-proclaimed ethical bank Triodos made a £33.1million profit in 2017, a rise of 28 per cent.

Shares inBerkeley Groupfell five per cent after the housebuilder announced it has no plans to increase its production of homes.

CRYPTO FEARSLenders that link their finances to bitcoin should expect a crackdown, the Bank of England has warned.

Housing boss Tony Pidgley found himself in what one analyst described as a ‘Mexican stand-off’ with ministers yesterday after he insisted his company was in no position to ramp up construction.

Mark Dixon’s first business was called Dial-A-Snack, which saw him deliver sandwiches to offices around Chelmsford on a butcher’s bike.

HERO Paul Polman, chief executive, Unilever The Unilever boss was an arch Remainer, but he made capital out of the Brexit issue when he announced the consumer giant’s new headquarters would be in Rotterdam.

A giantRussiangas company controlled by the Kremlin used the City ofLondonmoney markets to raise nearly £700million on the same day asTheresa Maydelivered a key speech threatening sanctions.

The ex-boss of struggling outsourcer Capita is expected to be stripped of his £845,000 bonus.

Upmarket fashion retailer Ted Baker is set to defy the doom and gloom on the High Street when it posts results this week.

The crisis hammering the High Street continues to gather pace, with shopping stalwart Next set to be the latest to uncover a dramatic drop in profits this week.

Backers of a credit checking firm are celebrating a bumper payday after it was sold to Experian for £275m.

Industrial turnaround specialistMelrosehas stepped up its takeover bid for UK engineering giantGKNby pledging to inject £1billion into the company's pension fund.

Shares in software groupMicro Focus Internationalmore than halved after the firm put out a warning over sales and its chief executive resigned.

Slow growth House prices in London will grow more slowly than the rest of the UK, says KPMG.

Royal Bank of Scotland could launch an online bank as it targets the valuable youth market and tries to escape its toxic past.

A secretive investor has mounted a £1.9bn raid on Barclays, sparking fears of open corporate warfare at one of Britain’s most important banks.

Shares in Hammerson soared after a French rival launched an audacious £4.9bn bid for the company – throwing its planned tie-up with Intu into doubt.

Millions of pounds were wiped off the share prices of Carpetright and Mothercare amid fresh fears for their future.

Almost £4bn was wiped off Britain’s biggest technology company after it warned of a slump in sales and revealed its boss had quit.

Emoji-themed birthday cakes cheered up sales at cake maker Finsbury Food Group.

BT has seen off the threat of strikes after reaching a deal with union chiefs on pensions and pay.

Fired 1: LK Bennett axes ex-BHS boss Former BHS boss Darren Topp has been forced out as chief executive of LK Bennett to be replaced by the head of a fashion chain which collapsed into administration this year.

Michelin last night swooped on British manufacturer Fenner with a £1.2bn takeover bid.

De La Rue, the maker of the new polymer £5 and £10 notes, issued a profit warning today and revealed the departure of its finance chief in an unscheduled announcement.

Ocado said adverse weather at the beginning of the month hit sales as the snow and storms impacted the amount of deliveries it managed to make.

Bellway said it expects to sell a record 10,000 new homes this year as it posted another rise in profits after continuing to benefit from rising prices and the Government's Help to Buy.

Plans to scrap Government childcare vouchers have been delayed by six months.

Investors dumped £11billion of social media stocks last night after regulators around the world probed a massive data scandal at Facebook.

Struggling Mothercare has called in accountants to advise on crunch talks with lenders to stave off a total collapse.

CURRENCY BANDonald Trumphas banned US firms and citizens from handling petros, an online currency launched by collapsing socialist state Venezuela that was intended to get around sanctions.

Jamie Oliver is under pressure to fork out £6.7million owed to creditors, including millions to small businesses, after his upmarket steak restaurant crashed into administration.

More than £5billion of oil and gas projects will be approved as the North Sea undergoes a resurgence.

London Stock Exchange’s ousted boss will still receive his multi-million pound bonus pay-outs for three years after his departure.

Online gambling company 888 may cash in its chips in Germany following a clampdown on internet betting firms.

The Gym Group is considering opening clubs in old Toys R Us sites as it prepares to close all of its 100 stores across the UK.

The battle to save engineer GKN received a further boost yesterday as another customer came out in its support.

A handbagnamed after the singer Jane Birkin, and selling for £6,000 and upwards, has helped deliver bumper sales and profits for French fashion house Hermes.

Cobham boss David Lockwood got an extra £394,000 for a new house near its HQ.

Shares in Interserve surged after the outsourcer received a lifeline from its lenders that will put it on a more secure financial footing.

The bean-counters hired to wind up bust builder Carillion have been paid £20.5million for eight weeks work – or roughly £500,000 per day.

Barclays underestimates corporate raider Edward Bramson at its peril, a boss once ousted by the predator has warned.

PAY CUTThe boss of Lloyd's of London took a 15 per cent pay cut after it was hit by its first loss in six years.

Upmarket fashion retailer Ted Baker defied the doom and gloom on the high street by posting a set of strong results, but warned that cold weather across Europe and North America hit sales of its spring-summer collection.

A RECORD pay package that could see Tesla boss Elon Musk handed £40billion over the next decade has been backed by investors.

A top banker called a senior female supervisor 'little lady' in a recent meeting, one of the City watchdog's most powerful women has said.

RATE RISEMillions of borrowers face another interest rate rise in just seven weeks, after the Bank of England doubled down on its pledge to rein in inflation.

Marks & Spencer has parachuted in chairman Archie Norman's former protege to stop the rot at its food business.

Stock markets around the world tumbled yesterday after Donald Trump announced steep tariffs on £43billion of Chinese imports – sparking fears of a global trade war.

The US firm helping engineer GKN fight off a hostile takeover bid has won a £300million contract from Jaguar Land Rover (JLR).

GlaxoSmithKlineis set for an £14billion swoop on the consumer healthcare arm of a rival as it fights to be a major player in the US.

Shares in airline Flybe nosedived by more than a quarter after Stobart Group abandoned plans for a takeover that could have been worth more than £100million.

Struggling restaurant chain Carluccio's is seeking a private equity buyer as a 'perfect storm' batters the sector.

The deputy chairman of the upmarket tonic maker Fevertree Drinks has launched a sale of 1.5m of the shares he holds in the company.

Shire boss Flemming Ornskov saw his pay halve to £3.7million last year.

A Major Unilever shareholder has lashed out at its lack of engagement over the decision to move its corporate HQ.

Annual profits at clothing retailerNexthave slumped by 8.1 per cent, despite online revenue growing by 9.2 per cent.

Aviva, the insurance giant, has scrapped plans to cancel high yield preference shares worth £450 million following investor anger.

There was the sound of a loud flush this week asAccrol Group HoldingsPLC shares went down the pan after the toilet paper maker said it is likely to breach banking covenants as it warned of a greater than expected full-year adjusted underlying loss.

An American court has dealt a major blow to Indivior as it battles to stop rivals making cheaper versions of its painkiller addiction treatment.

CITY TIE-UPCity law firm Druces is merging with West End rival Ronaldsons.

Michael Spencer’s party at Scott’s restaurant on the night of the 2015 General Election was a customarily civilised affair.

HERO Archie Norman,Chairman, M&S TheMarks & Spencerchairman is thought to be responsible for luring his former protege, natty Steinhoff executive Stuart Machin, to help boost the retailer’s flagging food division.

The former boss of Britain’s biggest IT firm pocketed £8.4million just months before he was forced to quit last week, The Mail on Sunday can reveal.

Turnaround specialist Melrose’s controversial £8billion takeover bid for engineer GKN is set to go to the wire when shareholders cast their votes by Thursday.

An art dealership accused of offering to launder money through the sale of a Picasso painting has gone bust.

An online pharmacy backed by former banker Andy Hornby has raised £40million to fund its rapid growth.

Oil services giant Wood Group, whose customers include BP and Shell, has completed an internal probe into its dealings with a controversial Monaco firm and handed its file to investigators.

Aviva chief executive Mark Wilson has been put on watch by top shareholders after the firm’s botched attempt to cancel shares.

Thousands of investors who bought high-yield stock in West Bromwich Building Society are being asked to sell it back at a loss.

Famed for the mechanical precision of their expensive timepieces, luxury Swiss watchmakers are now embracing smart technology to fight off the challenge from Silicon Valley.

Struggling department store House of Fraser is said to have begged for emergency funding to help it survive the crisis on the High Street.

Collapsed outsourcer Carillion gave its top staff a pay rise as it headed for oblivion, it has emerged.

The chairman of the water watchdog Ofwat is set to pocket up to £5million through an offshore company – despite overseeing a crackdown on tax avoidance.

CASHING INA British banker dubbed the First Lady of Wall Street was paid £9million last year.

US car parts firm Dana has increased its cash offer for GKN's automotive business by $140million (£100million) as shareholders prepare to cast their votes on the controversial Melrose takeover bid this week.

XI VOWMarket liberalisation will continue, China pledged.

America's oldest gun maker has filed for bankruptcy protection as fewer buy firearms under Donald Trump.

Purplebricks yesterday warned that revenues for the year will be lower than hoped as a German media group bought a £125million stake in the online estate agent.

Goldman Sachs' European boss was paid £13.4million last year.

Facebook shares fell sharply again in early trading yesterday after US authorities launched a probe into claims it gave away 50m users’ private data.

A star financier at the Queen's bank Coutts has resigned in disgrace after a storm over sexual harassment claims.

Fears are growing over Britain's debt time bomb after figures revealed as much as £30billion is sitting on zero-interest credit cards.

Marks & Spencer has announced a major overhaul of its clothing operations – which includes getting rid of a style director brought in to revitalise its floundering fashion ranges.

Speedy Hire shares jumped 8 per cent after it said it was expecting higher earnings despite the collapse of major client Carillion.

Turnaround specialist Melrose has pledged to not sell GKN until 2023, maintain the current level of research and development funding and invest in apprenticeships in a bid to win government backing for its takeover.

Menswear company Moss Bros blamed tough trading conditions and continued product shortages for a fall in sales and profits and warned of 'extremely challenging' times ahead.

GlaxoSmithKline is to buy out Novartis’ 36.5 per cent stake in its consumer healthcare joint venture for $13billion (£9.2billion), just days after walking away from a deal with US giant Pfizer.

Three freelancers who launched an online accounting system when they became fed up with book-keeping and spreadsheets have landed an £11million windfall after selling to RBS.

Investors in online trading websites brushed aside a clampdown on high-risk investments by the EU markets watchdog.

The boss of Aviva was paid £4.3million last year – including a £2.9million bonus.

Glaxosmithkline is selling its iconic malt drink Horlicks to help fund a £9.2billion buyout of its joint-venture partner's healthcare arm.

The former chief executive who took Lloyds to the brink of collapse has won a legal battle to receive a £1.4million bonus it withheld.

FEAR FADESThe Bank of England said it has considered increasing the amount of money that the banks must set aside to counter the risks they face as lending in Britain grows, but will now hold off taking a decision until June.

H&M saw shares hit a ten-year low as it admitted it has £3billion of unsold stock.

Sir Philip Green has escaped action over the collapse of BHS – but the former racing driver who bought it from him for £1 is facing a ban as a company director.

Superdry's co-founder is stepping down and donating more than £1m in shares to a conservation charity.

Avivacould be investigated by the City watchdog over its former plans to axe its high yield preference shares worth £450million.

Shares in sofa and furniture groupDFSrose over 7 per cent in early morning trading, despite the group announcing a plunge in profits.

Melrose Industries has made the bold claim its £8.1billion hostile takeover of GKN stands to improve the UK economy, as well as the automative and aerospace company itself.

Three freelancers who launched an online accounting system when they became fed up with book-keeping and spreadsheets have landed an £11million windfall after selling to RBS.

On both sides of the Atlantic, shares in technology firms have been hit as the fallout from the Facebook data sharing scandal and Trump’s trade war continued to spread.

Hundreds of bargain Booze and Wine Rack stores teetered on the brink of closure today after their owner Conviviality confirmed it will appoint administrators within the next 10 days 'unless circumstances change'.

City tycoon Michael Spencer is weighing up a £3.8bn bid for his electronic trading company that would land him a £669m windfall.

Coca-Cola will close bottling plants in Milton Keynes and Northampton, putting 300 jobs at risk.

Colman's Mustard is to close its historic Norwich factory by the end of next year.

Shares in drug maker Shire surged after Japanese rival Takeda revealed it was poised to swoop on the £32bn firm.

A fall in sales of toiletries and make-up at Boots sent revenues slipping 3.3 per cent in the three months to February 28.

Aviva is being probed over possible market abuse after a move that could have triggered huge losses for thousands of investors.

US-based futures exchange giant CME has agreed to snap up British-based financial-tech firmNex Groupin a £3.9billion takeover deal.

Reckitt Benckiser boss Rakesh Kapoor pocketed £12.5m last year – after he gave up half of his pay.

Time Out is planning to open a food market in New York despite plunging even deeper into the red.

Melrose has won the battle with the GKN management as shareholders voted to back its £8.1billion takeover today.

After nearly twenty years of working in alliance with one another, Renault and Nissan are in talks to go the whole hog and merge, a report byBloombergsaid.

Barclays has agreed to pay the US government $2billion, or £1.4billion, in settlement of a civil claim concerning the bank's sale of residential mortgage-backed securities in the run up to the financial crisis.

The boss of oil titan BP has had his pay slashed following a revolt over huge rewards.

A leopard-print dress worn by TV presenter Fearne Cotton has sparked a sales surge at one of Britain's online fashion retailers.

Conviviality, the owner of Wine Rack and Bargain Booze, is preparing to file for administration after it was plunged into financial chaos just three weeks ago.

FLOAT ROLECity lawyer Rosenblatt has appointed broker Cenkos Securities ahead of a stock market float.

More than £50billion has been wiped off the value of Amazon after Donald Trump reopened a war against the online behemoth.

There's nothing like a bit of retail therapy when you're feeling a bit down.

At around 10am the word came through: Melrose staff were hitting the phones.

Barclays will pay a £1.4billion penalty for mis- selling sub-prime US mortgage bonds that helped trigger the financial crisis more than a decade ago.

Odeon is gearing up to make its debut on the London Stock Exchange in a £1.4billion listing.

Electric car firm Tesla has issued its biggest recall ever because of a defect in the steering system of its Model S sedan.

A City boss was accused of posing as one of his female employees on the internet in order to win deals.

HSBC has agreed to pay £71m to end a US lawsuit accusing it of conspiring to manipulate Libor rates, becoming the fourth major bank to settle in the case.

Ruthless hedge funds now control around £3billion of Sky shares, giving them major influence over the future of the British broadcaster as it is targeted for takeover by two rivals.

Britain has produced its fair share of glamorous power couples.

The former finance chief of British tech star Autonomy will be questioned this week in the long-running US fraud trial over claims he tried to silence critics who said the firm was overvalued.

The Australian owner of Homebase has hung a ‘for sale’ sign over the DIY chain after botching its £340m takeover.

The British owner of Birmingham’s Bullring shopping centre and London’s Brent Cross will give a crucial trading update this week as it fights off a French predator.

The boss of Prudential’s fund management arm was paid more than £3m last year, making her one of the FTSE 100’s best-paid female executives.

Ukraine’s largest bank has filed a £2.1 billion lawsuit against subsidiaries of accountants PwC, accusing them of failing to spot risky lending practices at the institution.

Traders dumped stocks on Wall Street last night as the world lurched closer to a full-blown trade war.

More homeowners are ditching DIY projects and demanding ambitious Grand Designs-style home improvements instead, Topps Tiles has said.

Flybe, the independent airline, has predicted that its full-year results will be eroded by the cold snap known as the 'Beast from the East'.

Rupert Murdoch's 21st Century Fox has said it will sell or ring-fence Sky News if its takeover of the broadcaster is approved in a move to reassure regulators the news channel will remain independent.

German moves The former boss of New York Stock Exchange has been parachuted into Deutsche Bank as pressure mounts on its chief executive John Cryan.

Troubled toy-maker Hornby has started talks with lenders on a new deal in a bid to shore itself up in the face of slow sales.

A Chinese private equity firm has emerged as the front runner to snap up the embattled Bargain Booze owner Conviviality.

Sky News could be bought by Disney in a deal aimed at pushing 21st Century Fox’s £11.7billion takeover of Sky over the finishing line.

Spotify has gone public for £21billion in one of the most controversial stock market debuts in history.

BUSINESS RAIDDutch trading firm Euronext bought the Irish stock exchange to help it steal business from Britain after Brexit, bosses have said.

Beleagured stock-picker Neil Woodford has seen his fund fall below £7billion for the first time since 2015 amid concerns his crown has slipped.

Elon Musk has begun sleeping at the Tesla factory in California to take charge of the electric car maker's sluggish production.

The chief executive of The Restaurant Group has snapped up more than £114,000 of shares in the firm.

Takeover approaches can be a bit like buses: sometimes three turn up at once.

Arnold Schwarzenegger’s robotic head is starring in an ad urging families to reclaim mis-sold payment protection insurance.

Persimmon faces a shareholder revolt over fat-cat pay after its boss was dubbed 'Mr £131million' for the potential size of his bonus.

The boss of the world's largest advertising agency WPP is being investigated over a personal misconduct allegation, it was claimed today.

Troubled drinks supplier Conviviality has sold its wholesale arm to C&C, the Irish cider giant that makes Magners and Bulmers,  through a pre-pack administration today.

Flooring company Topps Tiles has blamed that pesky 'Beast from the East' for a sharp decrease in sales.

Mothercare fired its chief executive yesterday morning just minutes before his replacement was announced to the stock market.

A punishing £1.8trillion has been wiped off the value of America's leading companies in recent weeks amid mounting fears of a full-blown trade war between the US and China.

Families flocked to shopping centres over Easter as they splashed out on clothes, toys, meals and activities.

A new boss with a reputation for deal-making will run Smith & Nephew (S&N) after it was targeted by a ruthless hedge fund which wants to break up the business.

Film distributor Entertainment One has lined up a series of new blockbusters after three of its films were nominated for Oscars.

CHIEF SWOOPA top artificial intelligence executive from Google, John Giannandrea, has been poached by Apple to lead its machine learning and AI strategy.

Johnnie Walker and Guinness owner Diageo has appointed drugs maker Shire’s chairman Susan Kilsby as non-executive director and member of its audit, nomination and remuneration committees.

Shares in music service Spotify have slipped after its blockbuster listing on the stock market.

Four of Britain's biggest mobile networks have secured new airwaves for 'next generation' 5G mobile broadband services, telecoms watchdog Ofcom reveals.

Rank Group, the owner of Mecca Bingo and Grosvenor Casinos, has seen its share price fall by nearly 15 per cent today after issuing a warning over its profits.

The owner of Bargain Booze and Wine Rack has collapsed into the hands of administrators after its profitable wholesale arm was sold to private equity.

Activity across Britain's services sector slumped to its lowest since July 2016 last month, the closely watched Markit/CIPS services purchasing managers' index reveals.

Mexican restaurant chain Wahaca has plunged into a £4.7m loss, blaming a norovirus outbreak which forced it to close nine restaurants.

Shopping centre owner Hammerson sought to distance itself from the woes facing the High Street as it stepped up its defence against a £4.9billion takeover by French rivals.

A stream of wins from high rollers led to a profit warning and disappointing revenue figures from the owner of Grosvenor Casinos.

Shares in Mothercare shot up more than 11 per cent last night after reports emerged that Sainsbury's was considering a swoop on the troubled retailer.

A BLOW has been dealt to turnaround efforts at Barclays after credit agency The agency said that Barclays' bonds are increasingly risky for investors and raised doubts about its ability to boost profits.

Publicly quoted companies ignore whistleblowers at their peril.

Santander chairman Shriti Vadera has informed AstraZeneca she’ll retire from its board in December, allowing the formidable ex-business minister, 55, more time to focus on her day job.

SWEET NEWSSweetener firm Treatt's revenues for the six months ending March 31 have risen 11 per cent compared to the same time last year.

A whistleblower who revealed a massive tax avoidance scandal at HSBC has been arrested in Spain.

Advertising guru Sir Martin Sorrell was on the brink of stepping aside over shock misconduct claims against him, friends of the executive revealed last night.

A US private equity firm is snapping up Australia's largest wine maker for £500million as it looks to cash in on China's burgeoning taste for wine.

The property developer leading the regeneration of Battersea Power Station has dramatically quit his job running the £8billion project.

Online electrical goods retailer AO World is predicting a 14 per cent hike in full year sales, as it bounces back from a slowdown last year .

Private equity firms are circling the beleaguered DIY chain Homebase amid claims its Australian owner will try to sell off the £340million business just two years into its botched takeover.

The Co-operative Group has marked a return to profits following the split from its troubled banking arm last year.

Dixons' UK boss has stepped down to head-up the new energy supplier born out of the merger of SSE's household business and Npower.

The boss of British Gas ownerCentricasaw his pay slashed by more than half last year after a slump in profits.

Investors in Fevertree may have breathed a sigh of relief when David Adams quit the board of the drinks company on Thursday.

Investors with shares inCard Factoryhave been told not to expect a special delivery when it reveals its preliminary results next week.

HisFacebookpage shows he lives in Palo Alto,California, with his wife and two daughters.

Advertising chief Sir Martin Sorrell could lose a £34million bonus if he is sacked atWPPover misconduct claims.

Posh maternity and babywear brand Jojo Maman Bebe has defied the gloom on the High Street and boosted sales by more than 20 per cent.

A surge in single people has boosted demand for meals-for-one at the Co-op.

Shop closures Struggling High Street chain Mothercare is mulling store closures as bosses try to turn around its fortunes.

Engine maker Rolls-Royce has offloaded its L'Orange subsidiary in a £610 million deal with US design and manufacturing firm Woodward.

Britain saw the largest amount of takeover activity for a decade during the first quarter of 2018 as some £85billion worth of deals involving UK companies was struck.

German banking heavyweight Deutsche Bank's British chief executive John Cryan has lost his job and will be replaced by the head of the bank's retail division Christian Sewing at the end of the month.

GCHQ has warned businesses to bolster their digital defences after detecting nearly 800 serious hacking attacks on UK organisations.

Thousands of City jobs could be on the block at Deutsche Bank after it fired chief executive John Cryan.

Rolls-Royce is selling its engine technology firm L’Orange to US based engineering firm Woodward for £610m.

Pressure was mounting on former energy minister Lord Barker last night over his role as chairman of a Russian firm banned from dealings with the US due to its links with the Kremlin.

More than £4.3m was wiped off the value of Mothercare as the troubled retailer desperately battles to survive.

The couple behind upmarket womenswear brand Toast have netted £6.3m after the company was sold by its troubled parent French Connection for £23.3m.

A top City banker at Goldman Sachs has been sacked after allegedly threatening his pregnant boss during a row over his performance.

The bosses of the television production company behind reality dating show Ex On The Beach have made millions after selling their company to Entertainment One.

Wealth manager Rathbone Brothers is plotting to buy £200m stockbroker Speirs & Jeffrey as it seeks to bulk up in a competitive market.

Greetings card retailer Card Factory has reported a 12.3 per cent fall in pre-tax profits for the year to January 31st.

Recruitment company Robert Walters enjoyed first quarter success with a 17 per cent increase in recruitment fee revenue.

The UK's 'big six' accounting companies will face more scrutiny from the financial watchdog after the sector was rocked by criticism following a string of auditing failures.

The crisis on the High Street saw 16 stores close every day last year as shopkeepers struggled in the face of rising costs and an onslaught from internet rivals.

The boss of G4S has taken a pay cut of nearly £1million after the firm’s performance lagged behind other FTSE 100 companies.

Britain hosts three times as many high-earning financiers as the rest of theEuropean Unioncombined, figures have revealed.

Baroness Mone has said she is 'very sad' that the Ultimo underwear firm she set up 21 years ago has announced it is to cease trading.

Graduates are shunningLondonjobs and heading north instead as growth picks up in the English regions, a headhunter has said.

Glencore's boss has severed ties with Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska as US sanctions on allies of Vladimir Putin begin to take effect.

Analysts have cast doubt on designer Riccardo Tisci's ability to revive Burberry's fortunes.

A star-studded ad campaign featuring the likes of Charlie Sheen and Mariah Carey is helping boost bookings at Hostelworld as it posted record annual earnings.

The Serious Fraud Office has found a replacement for departing director David Green.

Our businesses in Britain are some of the best in the world at treating their investors well.

Oil climbed above $70 a barrel as BP announced plans to expand its North Sea drilling operation.

AUDIT EXITTwo executives have quit the board of tainted Financial Reporting Council watchdog.

Hammersonhas rejected a revised £5.04billion takeover bid from French group Klepierre, with the former's boss claiming the offer 'continues very significantly to undervalue the company.'

The UK competition watchdog is set to probe Trinity Mirror's £126.7 million deal to buy a string of titles including the Daily Express and Daily Star.

Online fashion retailerAsoshas seen its share price tumble this morning, after plans to splash out £250million on boosting its infrastructure gave investors the jitters.

Tesco's share price hit a three-year high last night as the turnaround under chief executive Dave Lewis gathered pace.

Shopping centre owner Hammerson has rejected a new £5billion takeover bid by the French, sparking fears of a hostile raid.

A top UK transport company has rejected an ‘opportunistic’ takeover approach from a backer of the Caesars Palace hotel in Las Vegas.

British investors will soon be able to directly buy shares in Chinese firms thanks to a historic deal between the London and Shanghai stock exchanges.

The price of oil surged to its highest level for more than three years last night as tensions over Syria escalated.

Online  retailer Asos will cut down on plastic by introducing reusable bags as sales to its customers in their twenties passed £1bn for the first time.

RECORD HITPassengers travelling through Gatwick Airport increased by 2.5 per cent in March compared with a year earlier as long haul flights soared in popularity – up 23.2 per cent.

Sagahas seen its share price rise over 8 per cent this afternoon, after reporting a slight pick-up in annual underlying earnings.

Mothercare'slike-for-like sales continued to fall in the three months to 24 March, as the embattled retailer suffered lower footfall amid 'muted' trading conditions.

National Gridhas warned its annual earnings will take a hefty £140million hit due to recent hurricanes in the US.

Metro Bank's £21million worth of payments to the architectural firm controlled by its chairman's wife has prompted protests from major shareholder.

Stock market tracker funds can now ditch firms owned by Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska after a rule change by the London Stock Exchange.

Vulture US hedge fund Elliott has cashed in £24million after dumping its stake in Game Digital, while snapping up a holding in software firm Micro Focus.

Customers have rushed to snap up berths on a new cruise ship being launched by over-50s specialistsSaga.

Disney has been told its planned takeover of 21st Century Fox means it must also make a full bid for Sky.

Takeover talk swept through trading floors yesterday as a raft of deals was announced.

Glaxosmithkline has offloaded its rare diseases unit as chief executive Emma Walmsley continues to trim the business.

Cyber security giant Avast is gearing up for the City’s biggest-ever tech float.

Boss’s pay The chief executive of Co-operative Group, Steve Murrells, 52, landed just over £2million in pay after only ten months in the job.

The owner of British Airways has snapped up a stake in low-cost rival Norwegian – and may launch a bid to buy the increasingly powerful airline.

Shares in Sage Group tumbled 17 per cent lower today after the software firm’s poor performance forced it to revise down its annual sales forecast.

Shopping centre ownerHammersonis clear to seal a much anticipated £3.4billion acquisition ofIntuafter French firm Klepierre said it does not intend to make a formal offer for the Bullring owner.

Need a boss for a global financial institution?

The London Stock Exchange has picked a Goldman Sachs banker to be its chief executive after a bitter boardroom battle saw the previous boss booted out.

Former energy minister Lord Barker seems increasingly isolated as chairman of sanctions-hit EN+ after the resignation of a third director.

High flying airport Heathrow recorded its busiest ever departures day last month.

Rolls-Royce has suffered another setback after it was forced to ramp up inspections on 380 aeroplane engines amid fears they are deteriorating faster than expected.

JP Morgan Chase posted a 35 per cent rise in profits as higher interest rates and lower taxes boosted business.

Profits dipped at Timpson last year due to the takeover of dry cleaning groups Johnsons and Jeeves – but sales continued to grow.

Dramatic developments in Rupert Murdoch’s long-running battle to seize control of Sky have put shareholders in pole position, says Crispin Odey.

Netflix shares leapt nearly 7 per cent last night after it added more than 7.4million new subscribers.

US Hedge fund Elliott Advisors has made around £32.4million from a £500million boost to Costa Coffee owner Whitbread’s share price after reports it wants to break up the business.

Sir Martin Sorrell may have been a global media figure, as WPP ‘executive’ chairman Roberto Quarta used to explain when justifying Sorrell’s outsized salary.

WPP could be broken up in an £8billion sell-off as it battles to keep hold of top clients including Ford, Mars and HSBC following the shock resignation of Sir Martin Sorrell.

Under-fire Barclays boss Jes Staley has been backed by an influential shareholder advisory group despite lingering worries over a misconduct probe.

Johnson Matthey has chosen Covestro boss Patrick Thomas to succeed Tim Stevenson as chairman at the chemicals company.

Who would have thought the world of box making could be so action-packed?

Recruiter Adecco has snapped up US training firm General Assembly in a deal that values the American business at £289million.

Evans Cycles has ditched its chief executive Andy King after less than two years in the saddle.

Drinks multinational Diageo is pouring a £150million investment to toast the success of Johnnie Walker.

Retailer’s Rant Gary Grant, the boss of toy retailer The Entertainer, has accused the Government of failing to take responsibility for the tough trading conditions facing retailers, claiming that it was partly to blame for the High Street’s woes.

Budget fashion chain Primark has seen sales growth plummet as the retailer became the latest to reveal a hit from the blast of cold weather.

AA's share price has shot up on the back of strong annual results and an appeal for its 'achievements' not to be overshadowed by sacking of former executive chairman, Bob Mackenzie.

Primark defied the High Street gloom as it ramped up store openings and grew sales – despite not having a shopping website.

The founder of online fashion chain Asos has used more than £60million of shares to secure a loan from Credit Suisse.

Breakdown service the AA is used to rescuing drivers in distress – but now it can even prevent motorists from starting their cars if it believes the vehicle will break down.

RELEASE BOOMOver-55s are withdrawing £10million a day from the value of their houses in a boom for equity release.

You can buy a heck of a lot of asphalt and cement for £455million.

The boss of Majestic Wine has outlined plans to win new customers by doubling the amount the company spends on marketing.

The chief ofChina's second biggest retailer has outlined a bold strategy to open 1,000 convenience stores a day.

The boss of High Street retailer Next had his pay cut by more than a third following a year in which he admitted the store had made a series of errors.

House prices in London fell on an annual basis in February for the first time since September 2009, official data revealed today.

Shopping centre giant Hammerson has urged shareholders to vote against a long-planned £3.4 billion takeover of rival Intu amid growing dismay over the health of the UK retail market.

Shares in the owner ofClydesdale and Yorkshire banks, CYBG, fell by 6 per cent this morning after the group revealed it is having to set aside millions of pounds more for 'legacy' payment protection insurance claims.

B&Q could ditch openings of giant out-of-town warehouses to focus on smaller convenience stores, its boss has predicted.

Mothercare'sshare price has fallen by nearly 5 per cent after the retailer announced its chairman is stepping down with immediate effect.

Job losses could be on the cards atBT, as the group announced it is merging two of its divisions which provide wholesale services and public sector work.

Debenhams has reported plunging profits in the first half of its financial year after a 'disappointing' Christmas and significant sales shock during the recent cold snap.

Sky'score earnings rose by 14 per cent to £1.8billion in the nine months to 31 March, with the group's chief executive lauding its 'excellent' set of results.

House of Fraser has called in accounting giant KPMG to look into possible restructuring plans, which could result in store closures and job losses.

SFO PROBEDefence firm Ultra Electronics is being investigated by the Serious Fraud Office (SFO) for suspected corruption in Algeria.

Pioneering drug firm Shire is braced for a fourth takeover bid from a Japanese rival, valuing it at more than £44billion.

Britain went a record 55 hours without using electricity made with coal.

Shares in Hammerson may be climbing after its failed £3.4billion bid for rival shopping mall operator Intu Properties – but calls for its board to step down are growing louder.

Marmite and Dove soap owner Unilever has promised to hand shareholders £5billion as it faces a backlash over plans to ditch its UK headquarters and base itself in the Netherlands.

Rupert Murdoch and his two sons are to get a bonanza worth up to £145million if their sale of 21st Century Fox to Disney goes through.

Feared corporate raider Edward Bramson wants to break up and sell Barclays' trading arm to boost profits, sources claim.

Barclays boss Jes Staley faces a fine for trying to identify a whistleblower at the bank in 2016, allegedly breaching conduct rules in the process.

TheRoyal Mailhas announced that chief executive Moya Greene will step down in September after more than eight years at the helm.

Consumer goods giantReckitt Benckiser’sshares fell six per cent in morning trading after posting a worse than expected sales performance in the first quarter.

After 12 months of steady growth in 2017, global markets came to a screeching halt early this year with billions wiped off indices from the US to Asia.

Two former executives who made millions from their roles at collapsed healthcare group Southern Cross are spearheading a controversial campaign for CCTV in care homes – which could net them another fortune.

The boss of Shire could take home up to $57million (£40million) from a sale of the drugs giant, The Mail on Sunday can reveal.

Australian businessman Ian Malouf is making waves with a new superyacht charter service described as ‘Airbnb for the super-rich’.

A Canadian gambling giant behind PokerStars yesterday revealed a £3.4billion deal to take over Sky’s betting and gaming arm.

WPP bosses are trying to reassure major investors after the sudden departure of long-standing chief executive Sir Martin Sorrell.

Cashing in Among a series of first-quarter results this week, Lloyds is forecast to post a 9 per cent rise in profits to £2.3billion.

Feared American vulture hedge fund Elliott has been ramping up its power over UK business after amassing an unrivalled war chest.

The Persimmon boss dubbed ‘Mr £131m’ over the potential size of his bonus faces a shareholder revolt at the firm’s AGM this week in a backlash over fat cat pay.

City grandee Sir Mike Rake, 70, is expected to be named chairman of store cards provider New Day.

Shares in Clarkson lost nearly a third of their value today after the shipping services giant issued a profit warning.

Outsourcing firm Capita has given itself room to breathe after a £701 million cash call to investors and turnaround update sent its struggling share price up 11 per cent on Monday morning.

Double-glazing windows and doors firm Safestyle has warned profits and revenues for 2018 are likely to come in significantly below estimates and has cancelled its final dividend as a result, sending its shares down by a fifth.

BHP has been granted an extra 66 days to negotiate a £34billion fine stemming from a mine disaster three years ago.

Chapel Down has seen sales fizz after toasting its first year in the US.

Matthew Wyles has taken over as boss of Hampshire Trust Bank.

SCREEN PLANVideo-streaming giant Netflix reportedly considered buying US cinema chain Landmark Theatres but backed out over costs.

Google’s chief executive is in line for a £274million payday after it revealed another sales bonanza.

Vulture investors which forced through the sale of British engineering giant GKN have now bet millions on a dramatic slump in share price on the asset stripper that bought it.

The owner of Travelex and UAE Exchange is preparing to float in London for more than £1billion.

Investor confidence in double-glazed windows maker Safestyle has been shattered after it dished out another profit warning and cancelled its dividend.

Homebase's Australian owner could offer incentives of up to £100million for buyers willing to take on the troubled DIY chain.

Spanish-owned bankSantandersaw its UK profits fall by 21 per cent to £414million in the first quarter of this year.

GKNspent £107million on advisers in the run up to Melrose Industries' controversial £8.1billion takeover deal, it was revealed today.

Capita's boss plans to raise more than £700million from investors as part of his bid to rescue the outsourcer.

Smyths is preparing to close in on the hole left by Toys R Us in Europe after snapping up its operations in Germany, Austria and Switzerland.

Victims of Britain’s biggest mis-selling scandal are having their compensation claims rejected —by computers.

John Lewis chairman Charlie Mayfield was paid £1.4million last year – forgoing his bonus for the second year in a row.

Directors must be prepared to confront bad behaviour at the London Stock Exchange, according to a report conducted after the ousting of its chief executive.

STATIONS SOLDOil titan Shell is selling its petrol stations and lubricants business in Argentina to Raizen, its joint venture in Brazil with Cosan, for £680million.

More senior bosses have deserted Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska’s sanctions-hit aluminium firm EN+.

Granny-chic clothing and flamboyant 1970s prints at Gucci have sent sales at parent company Kering soaring 27 per cent to £2.7billion.

Hamleys's owner is preparing a swoop for House of Fraser.

More than £1.1billion has been wiped off the value of Britain's biggest betting firms as the Government prepares to clamp down on highly addictive gambling machines.

The founder of Metro Bank who has handed £21million to his wife's business was hounded out of US finance for doing the same thing a decade ago.

The tycoon waging war on BT’s dominance of UK broadband is set for a £10million payday after his firm was taken over by Goldman Sachs for nearly £540million.

Lloyds Banking Group has made a good start to 2018 with a near-quarter rise in profits despite having had to set aside yet more money to compensate PPI victims.

The founder of Metro Bank who has handed £21million to his wife's business was hounded out of US finance for doing the same thing a decade ago.

Boohoo has seen profits jump 40 per cent and sales nearly double as it keeps benefiting from an unstoppable shift towards online shopping and recent acquisitions.

US media giant Comcast has unveiled a £22billion rival bid for Sky in a move that threatens Rupert Murdoch's deal to take full control of the pay-TV group.

Whitbread has announced plans to demerge Costa Coffee from Premier Inn, following the recent arrival of activist investors Elliott Advisors on the shareholder register.

Hospitality firm Whitbread has caved in to investor pressure and agreed to spin off Costa Coffee as a separate business.

Rupert Murdoch's efforts to buy Sky have been derailed after US cable giant Comcast swooped in with a £22billion counter-bid.

Facebookshares climbed more than 5 per cent after the market closed last night as it reported sales of £8.5billion for the start of 2018.

Scottish Power had a 247 per cent earnings boost in its retail supply arm within a week of raising prices for 950,000 homes.

TEAMING UPPlane maker Airbus is teaming up with Rolls-Royce to develop the engineer’s UltraFan airplane engine design, to test technology aimed at making the engines 25 per cent more efficient.

It's a tale of two markets for Britain's property sector, with housebuilders on the up and estate agents in the doldrums.

Metro Bank boss Craig Donaldson has dismissed criticism of a cosy deal between the lender and its chairman’s wife.

Drugs maker Shire has caved in to a fifth takeover approach fromJapan’s Takeda.

High street bank Barclays saw 'substantial' losses in the first three months of the year after facing a £1.4 billion charge in the US and further payment protection insurance (PPI) payouts.

Rising oil prices saw profits surge at Royal Dutch Shell during the first three months of the year, with the group posting its highest quarterly numbers for three years.

Around 1,500 Poundworld jobs could be at risk after the company's plans to shut 100 stores across the UK emerged on Thursday.

Europe's biggest bank, Deutsche, is axing thousands of jobs and abandoning its dream of a global empire.

Carpetright is preparing to pull the plug on 81 stores, putting 300 jobs at risk.

Amazonshares soared to an all-time high as the internet giant reported stellar sales of $51billion (£36.6billion) for the first three months of the year.

Britain’s largest book chain, Waterstones, has been snapped up by vulture hedge fund Elliott Advisors.

Selling two pizzas a second in the first three months of the year meant Domino's Pizza dished up another quarter of mouth-watering sales.

Sales at Homebase plunged 15 per cent as the fallout from its disastrous takeover by Australian firm Wesfarmers rumbled on.

The former head of BG Group and Norway’s Statoil has been named as the new chairman of oil titan BP.

PROFITS CLIMBMobile network O2’s Spanish parent company said profits rose in the first quarter of 2018 despite a fall in sales.

Quarterly profits tripled at Royal Bank of Scotland in the first three months of the year as the taxpayer-owned bank continued on its long road to recovery.

The owner of the Wickes DIY chainTravis Perkinsovercame the extreme early Spring weather to report a 2.4 percent per cent rise in like-for-like sales during the first quarter.

Flawed insurance products caused profits at plus-size retailer N Brown to shrink 72 per cent last year.

Go Pro's founder has had his pay slashed to just $1 – four years after being the best-paid boss in America.

Carpetright shares were flying after creditors gave the troubled floor-coverings retailer the nod to close 81 stores.

The pound fell on fading hopes of an interest rate rise last night, after figures showed the economy had a slow start to 2018.

SHOPPING SLUMPConsumer confidence fell back to its long-term average this month, according to a survey by market research firm GfK.

Sir Martin Sorrell was paid nearly £14million just months before he was forced out from his advertising company over misconduct claims, it was revealed last night.

Unilever's boss faces a humiliating shareholder revolt over lavish pay proposals and a decision to ditch its UK headquarters.

Oleg Deripaska has agreed to relinquish control of his global metals empire in a bid to free it from crippling US economic sanctions.

Rupert Murdoch's battle to take full control of Sky, which has been subject to a series of intense Government reviews, has received a surprise boost.

One of WPP's biggest investors is demanding the advertising giant launch a probe to find and punish the person responsible for leaking details of an investigation into chief executive Sir Martin Sorrell.

Shares in Sainsbury’sjumped 15 per cent today after the supermarket announced it was to merge with Asda, as the City gave its stamp of approval to the possible deal.

Interserve shares tumbled by as much as 15 per cent after the troubled outsourcer saw losses more than double last year.

Shares in advertising giant WPP jumped this morning amid a smaller-than-expected drop in sales, a strategy review and reports of a possible disposal of its market research division.

Investors who sold special Aviva shares after the insurer said it would cancel them are to get £14million of compensation.

Three Dixons Carphone directors have been forced out as boss Alex Baldock battles to get the business back on track.

One of the brothers behind Sunseeker is retiring after nearly 50 years at the British luxury yacht firm.

Two years of secret talks culminated in the deal to merge Sainsbury's and Asda into Britain's biggest supermarket group with sales of £51billion.

Bench has become the latest High Street retailer to collapse, putting nearly 350 jobs at risk.

JOBS BLOWMore jobs have been lost after the collapse of Carillion, taking the total so far to 2,257.

Carpetright shares slid after the struggling retailer warned full-year losses would be twice the amount previously expected.

WPP’s bosses have paved the way for a multi-billion pound sale of parts of the business – but insisted the vast advertising empire will not be broken up.

A green energy fat cat dubbed one of the UK’s wealthiest hippies was paid more than £292,000 last year by the Good Energy Group.

Analysts and unions have questioned how Sainsbury's boss Mike Coupe can promise that no stores will close following the merger withAsdathat will create a £14.1billion supermarket behemoth.

BP reported its highest profits since 2014 thanks to rising oil prices and production, although debts increased as it continues to count the cost of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill.

Gibson, whose guitars have been played by the likes of Eric Clapton, Jimmy Page and Bob Marley, has filed for bankruptcy.

The two supermarkets plotting a £14.1billion merger have lost ground to their rivals since the start of the years, it has emerged.

The London Stock Exchange plans to halt trading in Russian aluminium and power producer EN+ as a result of US sanctions.

Duncan Painter, chief executive of global information firm Ascential, has joined ITV’s board.

Apple unveiled a 16 per cent sales surge to £44.9billion as the iPhone maker became the latest tech giant to beat expectations on Wall Street.

Barclays has avoided a public showdown with corporate raider Edward Bramson by agreeing to see him in private.

The pioneer behind a British tech titan sold to a US rival is facing a £4billion court fight after the firm was branded a giant 'Ponzi scheme'.

SHARE DEALInsurer Aviva is buying back £600million of shares to return cash to investors.

Sainsbury's latest annual results have revealed a 'return to growth' for the supermarket giant just days after it confirmed plans to merge with Asda.

The construction sector bounced back in April with activity growing at its fastest rate in five months according to a new survey, but economists have warned the figures are 'hardly stellar'.

Ocado's latest deal met with approval from the City today after as it announced it will developSwedishsupermarket ICA's online shopping business.

The snap of cold weather that culminated in the Beast from the East will costDirect Line£50million in claims.

Fuel prices have reached their highest level for more than three years, hitting millions of families and businesses.

Elon Musk’s Tesla shocked stock markets last night as revenues jumped ahead of expectations.

Shareholders have been urged to oppose a £170million bonanza for the four asset-strippers who seized control of engineer GKN.

A boom in airplane broadband sales sent shares in one of Britain's biggest technology companies flying.

Top directors at Whitbread have been handed more than £12million of shares – as it prepares to spin off Costa Coffee.

Paddy Power Betfair said profits could stall this year as punters rein in betting after months of losses.

Departing Unilever boss Paul Polman yesterday faced an embarrassing fightback over his multi-million pound pay deal.

SOARING SALESLow-cost airline Ryanair reported a 9 per cent rise in the number of passengers carried in April, to 12.3m.

UK tech giant Sage has axed 30 senior executives as it battles to boost its revenues, cut costs and simplify its operations.

Hard-up savers hoping for a May rate rise will almost certainly be disappointed after a third indifferent economic survey in as many days was released today.

Rolls-Royce'sproblems with its engines powering Boeing’s 787 Dreamliner aircrafts means the group is having to rejig its finances in a bid to stay in the black.

Sainsbury'sandAsda's battle to get its £12billion merger plans given the green light is under threat after two parliamentary bodies aired their concerns to the UK's competition body.

More than £3.4billion was wiped off the value of Tesla after Elon Musk dismissed 'boring bonehead' questions about the electric car company's finances in a conference call.

One of the world’s biggest hotel chains is opening more than 2,200 luxury rooms in the UK for wealthy Chinese and American tourists.

Pressure on under-siege Smith & Nephew has been ramped up after the artificial hip and knee maker unveiled disappointing results.

More than £94million was wiped off the value of bus and train operator Go-Ahead after analysts cast doubt on its ability to cover its dividends.

Sainsbury’s £12billion merger with Asda is under scrutiny after two parliamentary committees raised concerns over the impact on shop prices and suppliers.

CHEAT CHARGEFormer Volkswagen boss Martin Winterkorn has been charged in a US federal court with conspiring to mislead regulators over the German carmaker’s diesel emissions.

Losses at the scandal-hit food manufacturer 2 Sisters swelled to £38million last year amid a chicken hygiene crisis.

An ultra-light drone which can fly high non-stop for a year is being developed by defence firm BAE Systems.

Billionaire Virgin Group founder Sir Richard Branson is seeking to raise £441million to snap up consumer companies.

The fashion group behind Jacques Vert and other womenswear brands has gone into administration, putting around 1,000 jobs at risk.

FTSE 100 heavyweightHSBC saw shares falltoday despite announcing a $2billion share buyback after it posted a surprise drop in profits.

British Airwaysowner IAG has reported a 75 per cent jump in profits in the first three months of the year, but kept tight-lipped on the future of its proposed takeover of Norwegian Air.

HQ DELAYSAn expansion of Amazon’s Seattle headquarters has been delayed amid a row with its local city council.

BT boss Gavin Patterson is poised to announce the company’s biggest jobs cull in a decade as he battles to revive its fortunes.

When IAG’s tenacious Willie Walsh sets his eyes on a target he doesn’t give up.

British Airways has made two takeover bids for low-cost rival Norwegian Air in a move that could spark a bidding war for the budget carrier.

Apple shares rose to an all-time high after Warren Buffett beefed up his stake.

Dixons Carphone shares soared to an eight-month high after a glowing endorsement from analysts.

The financial stability of outsourcing companies has been high in the minds of investors in recent months following the fiasco of Carillion's collapse and the struggles of Interserve and Capita since, so what is next for the sector?

There was no doubting the identity of the week's biggest winner.Bahamas Petroleum(LON:BPC) took that accolade as it advanced 150% on news it is holding substantive talks with an unnamed oil major interested in its licences in the waters off the paradise islands.

The American legal eagle who oversaw the approval of Comcast's takeover of NBC Universal has called on regulators to 'carefully scrutinise' the cable TV giant's £22billion bid for Sky.

Watch out Primark... Sainsbury's merger with Asda will bring together two discount clothing brands.

Investors are staging revolts over executive pay in a wave of protests that threatens to destabilise the boardrooms of some of Britain's biggest businesses.

Mike Coupe has been the face of the Sainsbury-Asda deal, but Middlesbrough-bred Judith McKenna, now a senior executive at Asda's parent Walmart, will be one of the key powerbrokers at the new grocery giant.

Activist investor Edward Bramson will finally come face to face with Barclays chief Jes Staley this week, amid City fears that the hedge fund boss wants the bank to restructure its investment banking arm.

The miserably cold start to the year has put plenty of smiles on faces at Pimlico Plumbers.

City lawyer Ian Rosenblatt is likely to see his net worth valued at more than £20million when the law firm bearing his name floats on the London Stock Exchange this week.

Shoppers will get a reprieve this week when the Bank of England confirms it will hold off from raising interest rates.

Fashion website Atterley.com has kickstarted a search for new funds as it eyes growth in the UK and overseas.

Tory MP Neil Parish is limbering up to be the bete noire of Mike Coupe over his proposed merger with Asda.

Credit Suisse is suing the taxman to recover money it was forced to hand over for paying huge bonuses to staff.

Buy this:SUPERDRY The trendy clothing firm’s weak share price makes it a steal, broker Peel Hunt says.

POWER PLAYTaxpayers are facing a £15billion bill for the cost of building a power station on Anglesey, North Wales, as Japanese industrial conglomerate Hitachi threatens to walk away from the project unless it gets support from the Government.

As the cost of weddings continues to spiral, high street chains are latching on to a trend for cheaper wedding dresses.

Waitrose bosses rebuffed an attempt by Amazon to enter takeover talks, it has emerged.

Nestle has announced it is paying $7.15billion (£5.2billion) to sell Starbucks coffee to households through supermarkets and other food stores around the world.

Millions of small shareholders are locked out of voting against fat cat pay deals, boardroom bungling and controversial takeovers such as GKN.

One of Europe’s biggest airlines has plunged into a fresh crisis after its boss quit amid a row over pay and strikes.

Oil prices are at their highest since 2014 thanks to Venezuela’s economic crisis and fears over whether the US will tighten sanctions on Iran.

Nestle will pay £5.3bn for the rights to sell Starbucks products as it aims to cement its place as the world’s largest hot drinks company.

The takeover spree underway in the UK is continuing at pace as FTSE listed drug firm Shire finally agrees the details of a £46bn deal with Japanese rival Takeda while Virgin Money receives a £1.6bn approach from Clydesdale and Yorkshire Banking Group.

The boss of UK Power Networks is under scrutiny after it had to order a probe into a multimillion-pound contract awarded to a firm where his son is a senior director.

Revamp rejected An overhaul of Barclays proposed by activist investor Ed Bramson will be rejected by bosses.

The owner of Clydesdale and Yorkshire banks has made a £1.6billion takeover offer for Richard Branson's Virgin Money, the challenger banks have confirmed today.

Walmart and Amazon are going head to head in a battle to buy India’s biggest online retailer.

One of America’s biggest private equity groups has slammed on the brakes and reversed away from a takeover for bus and train operator First Group.

Lloyds and Standard Life Aberdeen (SLA) are in a stand-off over a £109billion pension deal that could end up in court.

JOBS GONEMore jobs have been lost following the collapse of construction giant Carillion in January, taking the total to almost 2,300.

The supermarket price war raging in Britain looks set to intensify as Aldi and Lidl fight back against the planned merger of Sainsbury’s andAsda.

The CFO of family fashion chain Joules has sold 45,000 shares, cashing in almost £165,000.

Vodafone’s £16bn bid for US cable giant Vodafone is set to make a £16billion swoop on a US rival in a bid to lead a massive expansion across Europe.

Greggshas seen its share price slump by 18 per cent as investors fled the stock after the sandwich and pasty retailer admitted it suffered sluggish spring sales due to bad weather.

Tim Martin, the boss ofJD Wetherspoon'shas blasted the EU once again, claiming it 'masquerades as a free trade organisation, but is really a protection racket.'

Vodafonehas snapped up US cable giant Liberty Global's operations in Germany, the Czech Republic, Hungary and Romania in a £16.1billion deal.

Oil prices have reached their highest level since 2014 after US presidentDonald Trumppulled the plug on US involvement in theIrannuclear deal.

HEATWAVE BONANZAA UK heatwave lifted sales at Waitrose in the week to May 5.

Shares in Burberry fell after the biggest shareholder sold its stake for nearly £500million.

A sales boost in the recent warm weather meant Next could promise higher than expected full-year profits today, sending its shares higher.

Morrisons defied expectations of a slowdown today when it revealed a 10th consecutive quarter of rising group like-for-like sales.

Britain's biggest free-to-air commercial broadcaster said it expects advertising sales to jump by around 15 per cent in June as viewers tune in for the World Cup.

BT has revealed plans to axe 13,000 jobs and quit its expensive London HQ in a major cost-cutting effort.

The owner of property portals Zoopla and Prime Location is set to be snapped up by private equity firm Silver Lake Management in a £2.2bn deal.

The owner of property listing websites Zoopla and PrimeLocation has agreed to a takeover by American private equity firm Silver Lake Management, valuing the company at £2.2billion.

A tie-up with convenience chain McColl's has boosted sales at Big Four grocer Morrisons as it faces up to the challenge of the Asda-Sainsbury's merger.

Barclays chief executive Jes Staley has been fined £642,430 by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) for his attempt to unmask a whistleblower.

Struggling retail chain Carpetright has secured £15million of emergency funding from a ‘substantial shareholder’ to plug a cash shortfall.

Troubled outsourcerInterservesaid the UK's financial watchdog has launched a probe into its disclosure of costs associated with the closing down of its energy-from-waste business.

The owner of property portals Zoopla and Prime Location is set to be snapped up by private equity firm Silver Lake Management in a £2.2bn deal.

Sainsbury's and Asda could be forced to sell as many as 245 stores as a result of their £14.1billion merger.

DOCTOR'S DEALBritish healthcare services firm Totally Plc has renewed a £1.2million-a-year contract with Northumbria Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust to provide out-of-hours GP services from October and runs for three years.

Private equity house 3i Infrastructure is preparing to make a bid for motorway service station operator Welcome Break.

ZOOPLA’S founder looks set to scoop nearly £62million after Silicon Valley investors agreed to buy the firm for £2.2billion.

The AA is facing a growing crisis with claims breakdown patrol drivers are quitting in droves over demanding working conditions and unrealistic response times.

A takeover battle broke out over IWG last night as it emerged three private equity funds were vying for the office space company.

A couple of companies on AIM have been caught up in the US-Irancrossfire this week.

BP chairman Carl-Henric Svanberg is the latest boss to face flak from shareholders for ‘overboarding’ – taking on too many directorships.

More than 90 years after architect Bertram Clough Williams-Ellis came up with the maverick idea of building an Italianate village on the North Wales coast, the unique resort of Portmeirion is more popular than ever.

BUY THIS:Wetherspoon Investec believe you should buy shares in Wetherspoon.

Embattled engineer Rolls-Royce has banned all but essential staff travel as it faces massive bills to fix faults in its high- tech airplane engines.

Financial services tycoon Peter Hargreaves is setting his sights on space and the potential riches to be found by mining asteroids.

CARE CRISISThe number of care home firms entering insolvency has risen 83 per cent – from 81 in 2016/17 to 148 in 2017/18, according to accountants Moore Stephens.

The boss of oil giant Shell is facing the threat of a revolt over his £7.8million pay packet.

Internet and budget retail pioneers have leapt up the ranks of the nation’s super-rich, elbowing out established High Street tycoons.

Troubled retailer Mothercare has confirmed it will tap investors for more cash as part of a major restructuring programme to be announced later this week, as it struggles to turn itself around.

International investors have been urged to pile back into Britain amid a deal-making frenzy and undervalued share prices.

Mike Coupe, 57 Chief executive, Sainsbury’s Mike Coupe could get shares worth £3.2million from the Sainsbury’s bonus scheme.

STILL LOSINGMore jobs have been lost following the collapse of engineering giant Carillion, taking the total to more than 2,300.

Vodafone chief executive Vittorio Colao will step down in October after more than ten years at the helm of the telecoms giant.

The owner of Clydesdale and Yorkshire banks - CYBG - swung into the red after seeing a rise in the costs relating to the mis-selling of payment protection insurance.

Centrica, the owner of British Gas, has continued to lose customers to rivals, but claimed the exodus was less marked than last year's.

Bookie William Hill has claimed that a looming Government crackdown on fixed-odd betting machines will make the company a target for a foreign takeover and place 20,000 jobs at risk.

IT CHAOSCrisis-hit TSB turned down help from staff at former owner Lloyds when the switch to its own IT systems led to a meltdown last month, sources claimed.

Vodafone's boss is stepping down after steering it through a decade-long overhaul – and several customer service fiascos.

Cressida Hogg has been named chairman of developer Land Securities – making her one of just six women to chair a blue-chip firm.

Lidl and Aldi could be forced to reveal details of the inner workings of their growing empires as part of the investigation into Sainsbury's merger with Asda.

Savers can squeeze more interest from their nest-eggs — despite the Bank of England’s decision last week to leave its Base Rate unchanged at 0.5 per cent.

Sir Philip Green’s retail empire has suffered a sharp drop in profits as the squeeze on the High Street continues.

Angel Delight, the powdered instant dessert that was a hit in the 1970s, is proving to be just as popular with modern families.

Easyjet is to invest in its package holidays business, revamp its loyalty scheme and try to tempt more business passengers on to its planes.

William Hill could soon find itself in the cross hairs of foreign predators, according to analysts and its own chairman.

Secret talks have begun about the sale of taxpayers' 70 per cent stake in Royal Bank of Scotland – a decade after its £46billion bailout.

The deputy governor of the Bank of England has apologised for claiming Britain's economy has 'passed its productive peak' and is now in the 'menopausal' era during an interview.

Anglo-Irish betting company Paddy Power Betfair is trying to strike a deal to merge with American fantasy sports games site Fanduel.

Burberryhas posted a 5 per cent increase in bottom-line global profits as it battles to get its finances back on track.

Paddy Power Betfair'sshare price has risen over 5 per cent after announcing it is in merger talks with US fantasy sports group FanDuel.

Pub groupsMarston'sandMitchell & Butlershave seen their share prices suffer today after revealing that mounting costs and poor weather had taken their toll financially.

Crest Nicholson'sshare price has tumbled by over 12 per cent as property prices stall and rising costs hamper margins.

A passion for British labels among wealthy Chinese consumers has kick-started Burberry's transformation plans.

The man due to take over as Royal Mail chief executive was handed nearly £6million to buy him out of his current contract with a subsidiary, it emerged last night.

Pub stocks tumbled as the Beast from the East hammered first-half results and added to a string of challenges.

The deputy chairman of Sky has been allowed a few months off his third job to focus on the bid battle at the broadcaster.

The boss of gambling software firm Playtech was slapped down by investors over his 78 per cent pay rise.

Three of the biggest names in British retail – Debenhams, House of Fraser and Littlewoods owner Shop Direct – have been rocked by fresh turmoil as pressure mounts on the High Street.

BT is to open help kiosks in its EE mobile phone shops as it tries to repair its battered reputation for customer service.

Superhero films Avengers: Infinity War and Black Panther failed to make a big enough splash with Cineworld audiences in the UK this year, as sales at the box office fell 2 per cent.

More than £160million was wiped off the value of one of Britain’s biggest builders last night as storm clouds gathered over the housing market.

IRISH EYEDThe trading arm of Thomson Reuters has applied toIrelandfor a licence to continue serving clients afterBrexit.

The owner of a giant pork processing factory has been given a £214million pay deal – bigger than many of the wealthiest Silicon Valley tycoons.

Takeaway delivery firm Deliveroo is dishing out £10million of share options to staff – but not to the army of riders who whisk its food to customers.

Rupert Murdoch's eldest son Lachlan will be chairman and chief executive of the successor to 21st Century Fox after it sells its entertainment assets to Disney, the US firm has said.

Shares in bookies including William Hill slid after the government indicated it is sticking to its guns on a planned fixed-odds betting machine clampdown.

Ocado'sshare price has surged by over 45 per cent after the grocery group announced it had signed its fifth international deal.

Foxtonshas seen its share price take a dip after revealing its sales remain sluggish amid a 'very challenging'Londonmarket.

Even a gleaming set of new stamps celebrating this weekend's royal wedding cannot helpRoyal Mail'sshare price from going on the slide.

Walmart-owned supermarketAsdasaw its profits take a hit in the last quarter as it continues to ramp up its efforts to cut prices for consumers in a bid to fend off competition.

The FTSE 100 has hit a record closing high at 7,787.97, as the oil price topped $80 a barrel and a weaker pound helped the big exporters on London's stock market.

NET NEUTRALITYThe US Senate has voted to protect ‘net neutrality’ rules that stop internet service providers from favouring some customers.

Power supplier National Grid took a hit from the cost of cleaning up after US storms, as profits fell 6 per cent to £2.6billion.

Thomas Cook warned that hotel costs in Spain were eating into profits.

Ocado shares soared by as much as 75 per cent after a landmark deal with one of America's biggest supermarkets transformed it into an international technology heavyweight.

The owner of Universal Studios could become the world's second-most indebted company if it takes over Sky and 21st Century Fox's entertainment businesses.

Cheery publican Charlie McVeigh is planning for life as a devoted political spouse after flogging his Draft House chain of watering holes to Brewdog for £15million.

Around 700m fewer letters will be sent this year following a shake-up of European privacy rules, warns Royal Mail.

The surging UK jobs market created another record last night as the FTSE 100 closed at a record high.

Mothercare has drafted in its former chief executive to lead an overhaul that will see it drastically slash its number of stores.

The man who made millions bringing the Scandinavian high street retailer Flying Tiger to the UK has opened a French children’s clothing and toy shop.

Beleaguered retailer Carpetright has received the green light from shareholders for £60million in emergency funding and a turnaround plan which it hopes will get it back on a sure footing.

Struggling retailer Carpetright has launched its bid to raise £60million in emergency funding to support a major restructuring of the company.

The competition watchdog has launched its investigation into Sainsbury's proposed £12billion merger with rival supermarket Asda.

UK equities and UK property have come out first and second in a monthly performance comparison of the major investment types.

Glaxosmithkline is facing a lawsuit over claims it fired a worker who blew the whistle on a series of botched IT projects.

More than £2.5bn was wiped off the value of Glencore yesterday amid reports it faces a bribery probe by the Serious Fraud Office.

Mothercare has reduced its chief executive’s pay as he returns to lead a turnaround.

Ikea is abandoning plans to open what would have been its second-largest store in the country after revealing a 38 per cent dive in UK profits.

Marks & Spencer’s 34-year reign in the FTSE 100 could be under threat after its value was surpassed by Ocado.

Lidl is planning an online delivery service in yet another assault against the UK’s biggest supermarket chains.

Astrazeneca’s chief executive faced a humiliating shareholder revolt over his bumper £9.4m pay.

Tim Steiner was a very wealthy man last weekend.

The boss of TSB was last night under fresh pressure after it emerged the bank could face £16 million in fines for its IT fiasco.

Struggling House of Fraser may close up to half of its department stores in a last-ditch move to rescue its finances.

Hedge funds are betting millions on Marks & Spencer crashing out of the FTSE 100 as its sales fall and share price plummets.

Wind blow French energy group EDF is looking to sell a 49 per cent stake in its UK wind farms portfolio for up to £600m.

The FTSE 100 started the week with a strong rise after signals over the weekend that the US and China are closing in on a peace deal to end their trade war before it really gets going.

Ryanair is making almost £5million a day from customers paying extra fees in addition to standard airfares, it revealed today.

The FTSE 100 surged another 1 per cent today to an all-time high above 7,850 as favourable global conditions saw investors continue buying into UK stocks.

Barclays has successfully challenged charges brought against it over a deal with Qatari investors which helped prevent it needing a bailout from taxpayers during the 2008 financial crisis.

Tesco has promoted the woman shamed for waving through extravagant pay increases and bonuses while in her other job at failed builder Carillion.

City investors backed a £3billion fundraising by the Russian state just days after it was accused of poisoning a former spy in Salisbury.

The boss of Ocado became £18.4million richer yesterday after shares in the online supermarket soared again.

CASH INTwo private equity funds have raised £6billion to snap up firms across Europe.

The boss of Glencore is set to scoop a dividend worth about £90million just days after it emerged the firm is facing a fraud probe.

Demand for designer dresses and handbags made America the biggest market for a fashion boutique that was founded in Wimbledon.

The price of a new Aston Martin has jumped by an average £16,000.

Fraud charges over a Barclays bid to raise £2.3billion from Qatar at the height of the financial crisis have been thrown out of court.

A director who allegedly used struggling customers’ own money to buy a toxic loan firm has been banned from financial services.

British bootmaker Dr Martens has poached the boss of High Street retailer Cath Kidston.

Marks & Spencer has brought in Dixons Carphone’s former UK and Ireland chief executive Katie Bickerstaffe as it ploughs on with its transformation plan.

The FTSE 100 pushed further into record territory as rather than banking some profit, investors overall took the view the rally has further to go.

Pets at Home said full-year profits took a hit after it cut prices to tackle rising competition, and signalled more price cuts were to come this year.

Nationwide Building Society saw a slump in mortgage lending and lower profits last year as it faced 'fierce competition' from rivals.

Halfords sharesfell more than 11 per cent today after the company said higher costs linked to a weaker pound had dented margins and it warned profits were unlikely to grow this year.

The London stock market kept marching ahead today with another record close for the FTSE 100 index.

The New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) has appointed its first female boss in its 226-year history.

Primark is gearing up to knock Marks & Spencer off pole position as the UK’s biggest selling clothes retailer, in what would be a landmark moment for the High Street.

Staff at Sainsbury’s have lashed out at ‘greedy’ bosses pushing ahead with a £14.1billion merger withAsdawhile cutting pay for thousands of employees and overhauling working conditions.

Peppa Pig has become an unlikely cult symbol in China – helping to double profits for the show’s creator Entertainment One.

The firm behind online property portal Zoopla enjoyed a 33 per cent increase in profits in the first half of this year.

The FTSE 100 was on the slide this morning after two consecutive record high closes.

Barclaysis not in talks withStandard Charteredover a potential merger, two sources close to the former have told Reuters.

A sharp fall in profits failed to take the fizz out of Britvic.

Barclays faces a boardroom split after it emerged that chairman John McFarlane is keen on a £61billion mega-merger with rival bank Standard Chartered.

At least ten people died after police fired at activists demanding closure of a copper plant run by a firm owned by one of the UK’s richest men.

Builder Bovis Homes has been hit by one of the biggest pay revolts of the year amid a backlash over boardroom excess.

Sir Philip Green’s Topshop has plunged in to the red as it battles the crunch on the High Street.

Soaring demand for cheddar cheese in China prompted Cathedral City’s owner to ask shareholders for £70million to expand.

Robert Watson is to be Hilton Food’s new executive chairman, replacing Colin Smith who retires on July 1.

MOODY MARKETThe notoriously unstable online currency market is driven by investors’ mood rather than any real economic factors, says a study by Warwick Business School.

The owner of Universal Studios is preparing an all-cash takeover offer to top Disney's £39billion bid for the entertainment assets of 21st Century Fox.

Marks & Spencer confessed to being expensive, out of touch, too bureaucratic and having a clunky website as bosses plotted a turnaround.

Germany based multinational bank Deutsche Bank has revealed plans for 7000 job cuts.

Sales at DIY retailer B&Q were hit by the Beast from the East in the first three months of the year after it was forced to close stores in the face of extreme weather.

BANK PLUNGEShares in Deutsche Bank have tanked as investors vented their anger at plans to slash 7,000 jobs.

Video streaming website Netflix has overtaken Disney to become America's most valuable media company.

A banker has been fired after he was outed as co-leader of an extremist anti-immigration group.

The finance director of online fashion retailer Boohoo was paid £2.9million last year – almost twice as much as the sum received by the two chief executives combined.

Petra Diamonds has issued a desperate plea for shareholders to approve its £133million fundraising drive, warning it could run out of cash.

BT boss Gavin Patterson’s pay rocketed to £2.3million – even as his company lays off 13,000 staff to repair battered finances.

Sir Philip Green handed his wife £25million last year for a loan used to fund the takeover of collapsed department store BHS.

Shares are on the up again as we head into the bank holiday weekend.

Energy giantSSE's profits slumped almost 40 per cent as it lost 430,000 customers last year.

Ladbrokes ownerGVC's sales took a hit from the Beast from the East during the first quarter as horse racing meetings were cancelled across the country.

Two dozen firms that deal with high-risk digital currencies such as Bitcoin are being probed by the City watchdog.

Sainsbury’s has vowed to put the squeeze on large suppliers as part of its £14.1bn mega merger with Asda.

SSE has become the latest energy supplier to haemorrhage customers in the face of tougher competition.

The Australian owner of Homebase sold the DIY chain for just £1 yesterday – taking its losses since buying the firm two years ago to nearly £740 million.

Shares in Dunelm crashed yesterday after bosses issued a shock profit warning.

Balfour Beatty has become the latest firm to receive a bloody nose over fat cat pay.

Beware a banking boss whose golf handicap is lower than their shirt size, they say.

Labour's plot to renationalise industry is a mistake that would drag Britain back to the chaos of the 1970s, Sir Richard Branson has warned.

Sainsbury’s has admitted it will slash management jobs as part of its £14.1billion merger with Asda.

House of Fraser is facing a backlash from a group of major landlords over proposals to shut around a third of stores and get rent reductions across others.

Ocado is poised to enter the FTSE 100 for the first time this week after its share price more than trebled in just six months.

Growth spurt Growth of Britain’s economy is expected to be faster than expected in the second quarter of the year, claims Goldman Sachs.

Ministers are preparing to sell a £3billion stake in the Royal Bank of Scotland this week, putting it on the final path to privatisation.

British engineer Smiths Group is in talks to merge its medical division with an American rival in a £6billion tie-up.

OIL FALLSAfter Saudi Arabia and Russia said they could increase supplies, the oil price fell again.

A firm investing in the medicinal cannabis sector is set to list in London next month.

Stock markets across Europe suffered further losses today as political turmoil that erupted in Italy over the weekend unnerved investors.

Shopkeepers must pay £1billion extra a year to payments giant Visa after it hiked fees.

Drones could give a £42billion boost to Britain's economy by 2030 as the airborne devices are increasingly used for commercial activity, a report by accountancy giant PwC says.

House of Fraser is looking at opening champagne and gin bars to attract shoppers.

Iceland is to profit from retail rivals' woes by snapping up stores for its Food Warehouse chain.

Stock markets around the world are slipping on fears that political upheaval in Italy and Spain could lead to another eurozone crisis if investors lose confidence in the single currency bloc's ability to deal with its problems.

Dixons Carphone has said it will shut 92 Carphone Warehouse standalone stores over the next 12 months as it grapples with changing consumer habits and tough high street trading conditions.

One of Britain’s biggest engineering firms provided investors with a much-needed boost on what was a miserable day for the FTSE 100.

Andy Harrison, 61 Chairman, Dunelm The chairman of Dunelm has bought more than £500,000-worth of shares days after the home goods retailer issued a shock profit warning.

Royal Bank of Scotland'schief financial officer Ewen Stevenson has unexpectedly resigned from the bank.

Demand at the 'more affordable' end of London's housing market has helped housebuilderTelford Homesboost its sales and profits.

Stock markets are volatile on Wednesday in a continuation of the fretting over whether political strife in Italy will develop into a financial crisis for the whole eurozone.

Budget retailerB&Msaw its annual profits rise by 25.4 per cent to £229.3million, as cash-strapped consumers turned to the chain for everyday essentials.

Stock markets are volatile on Wednesday in a continuation of the fretting over whether political strife in Italy will develop into a financial crisis for the whole eurozone.

Budget retailer B&M has outlined ambitious expansion plans after sales and profits soared last year.

British supercar maker McLaren has been handed the keys to its new £50million factory in Yorkshire.

Rolls-Royce is ramping up efforts to fix aircraft engines, to stave off growing frustration from airlines.

Sir Martin Sorrell was already plotting his audacious return to the advertising world just 48 hours after resigning from WPP.

SLOWING UPThe US economy slowed slightly more than initially thought in the first quarter of the year.

 Shoppers spent a record £27.1billion in supermarkets over the spring as royal wedding fever gripped the UK.

Burberry chief executive Marco Gobbetti has splashed out on £1.2million worth of shares.

Furious shareholders attacked branch closures at bailed-out Royal Bank of Scotland as its finance chief quit.

A profit warning wiped more than £151million off the value of Photo-Me.

The FTSE 100 ended the day in the red after President DonaldTrump confirmed the US would slap tariffs on steel and aluminium from the EU, Mexico and Canada from midnight.

The UK’s accountancy watchdog has filed formal complaints against former bosses and auditors at software company Autonomy, just weeks after the firm’s former finance chief was convicted of fraud in the US.

Shares in FirstGroup fell as much as 13 per cent today after the company slumped to a loss and dumped its chief executive.

COMIC FIRSTVideo streaming website Netflix is to push into comic book publishing.

Despite sales slumping in the first quarter, Card Factory is pressing ahead with plans to open up to 50 stores this year.

The FTSE 100 closed up 23.57 points at 7701.77 as markets recovered from a slide yesterday triggered by the introduction of steel tariffs by the US.

Donald Trump's administration last night imposed new trade tariffs on steel and aluminium imports into the US from the EU, Canada and Mexico.

STAKE SALESavings firm Legal & General is selling its 26 per cent stake in insurer Indiafirst Life to US private equity firm Warburg Pincus for £79million.

A utility supplier promoted by actress Joanna Lumley is being investigated by the energy watchdog over the way it treats people in debt.

Ryanair boss Michael O’Leary has cashed in shares worth nearly £30million.

The new boss of Deutsche Bank has admitted that the company is 'sick and tired of bad news' amid growing fears for its future.

More than £82million was wiped off the value of funerals provider Dignity in a Government crackdown on the industry.

Mothercare is to close a third of its stores and slash hundreds of jobs in a brutal overhaul.

Outgoing Vodafone boss Vittorio Colao was handed a £1.7million pay rise in his last full year before leaving the company.

Manufacturers in Britain have clocked up their 22nd month of growth since the Brexit vote, amid a eurozone slowdown.

Yorkshire retailer Buy It Direct has made a cash offer for the brand and website of electronics firm Maplin, The Mail on Sunday can reveal.

Tesco has been accused of handing ‘excessive’ pay to chief executive Dave Lewis and other governance failings ahead of its annual meeting.

One of Scotland’s richest women has backed a mining company that is behind a Moroccan minerals project that could be worth almost £300 million.

Star fund manager Andy Brown has made a multi-million pound fortune from taking a long-term view of companies as diverse as Philip Morris, Dr Pepper Snapple, Domino’s Pizza and Procter & Gamble.

CYBG, the owner of Clydesdale and Yorkshire banks, has put forward an improved all-share offer for Virgin Money to create a £4billion challenger bank.

JOB CUTSThe owner of fashion chains Monsoon and Accessorize slashed hundreds of jobs last year as it closed 18 stores to get the business back on track.

The boss of Visa's European business Charlotte Hogg could be hauled before parliament after a bank card systems failure caused chaos.

Phone repair chain iSmash is planning to snap up empty shops on the High Street as struggling retailers are forced to close hundreds of stores.

House of Fraser's flagship store is facing the axe as it teeters on the brink of administration.

Shares have started the new week on the rise as trade war fears among investors simmered down over the weekend.

Britain's leading cardboard box maker DS Smith is going for a second major acquisition in less than a year as it announced plans to snap up rival Europac for £1.7billion.

Chocolate shop chain Hotel Chocolat said it was set to repay £6.4million of its ‘chocolate’ mini-bonds it had issued in 2010 and 2014.

BT boss Gavin Patterson is facing renewed pressure over his future after investors questioned whether he is the right man to lead the company's overhaul.

Shares in paper and packaging firm Smurfit Kappa dived in trading yesterday as doubts grew over a £7.8billion takeover by a US rival.

The president of embattled EN+ has stepped down as it tries to survive US sanctions.

Two of Europe’s biggest banks are considering a £56billion merger that would be the biggest banking tie-up since the financial crisis.

The  159-year-old Yorkshire Bank name will fade from the High Street if a merger with Virgin Money goes ahead.

Stanley Gibbons, the sickly stamp firm, has named an investment analyst as its new chief executive.

Britain’s biggest cardboard-box maker DS Smith has swooped on Spanish rival Europac.

LEGAL FLOATLaw firm Knights Group will float on the stock market later this month in what would be London’s largest-ever legal listing, with the firm expected to be valued at more than £100million.

An American prosecutor will run Britain’s fraud squad – despite backing plans to abolish it last year.

The £14.1billion Sainsbury’s-Asda merger will push up prices at smaller retailers, industry experts have warned.

A bungled vote to restructure struggling Mothercare has put hundreds more jobs on the line.

Two Ocado executives have sold millions of pounds worth of shares having seen the value of the company almost treble in just six months.

A decision to pay back £6.4million of bonds left a sour taste for Hotel Chocolat investors – because they’ll no longer be sent boxes of chocs.

Shares in Johnston Press fell by 17 per cent today after the group said rising paper costs and the impact of new data protection rules on advertising revenues added to an already challenging trading environment.

AO World managed to increase sales but saw losses widen last year as it ramped up investment in Europe and lowered its prices while increasing its marketing spend in the UK to fend off competition.

Johnston Press shares were hammered yesterday after the troubled newspaper publisher revealed it was in rescue talks that could see it sell its pension fund.

Howard Schultz, the man who grew Starbucks from 11 cafes to a £58billion coffee empire is leaving amid rumours of a potential run for the White House.

House of Fraser is preparing to shut half its stores – largely those on the High Street – in a drastic attempt to save the business.

Sales at Quiz rocketed 30 per cent last year as young shoppers snapped up its cheap and cheerful dresses and jumpsuits.

The FTSE 100 closed up 25.57 points at 7712.37, as concerns over international trade wars and Italy's political strife with the EU died down.

Shares inWH Smithare up over 6 per cent after the retailer announced sales across its railway and airport rose by 8 per cent in the last three months.

Outsourcing groupSercohas seen its share price edge up over 3 per cent after securing a contract to continue providing health insurance eligibility support in the US.

Bosses at housebuilderPersimmonhave been slammed by MPs over an 'egregious' pay deal that landed them over £100million.

A company that makes software for financial and mortgage advisers has been snapped up for a reported £200million.

Capita boss Jonathan Lewis is joining the board of Norwegian oil major Equinor (formerly Statoil) as it looks to diversify.

A top law firm has hiked its starting salary for junior staff to £143,000, sparking fears of a wage war in the City.

Amazon is boosting its UK workforce with plans to add 2,500 permanent jobs by the end of the year.

A clampdown on plastic and fears over cash generation slashed nearly £375million off the value of packaging firm RPC.

Bosses at collapsed builder Carillion tried to cut a deal to protect themselves from fines for wrongdoing, officials have found.

The founder of Poundworld is putting together a rescue package to prevent its collapse after a potential buyer walked away from rescue talks.

International Paper has scrapped plans for a £7.8billion takeover offer for packaging giant Smurfit Kappa.

Asda's headquarters in Leeds is to be demolished and hundreds of Sainsbury's staff moved from London, following the £14.1billion merger of the two supermarkets.

MARKET BEATERForeign tech stocks such as Amazon and Alibaba helped Monks Investment Trust deliver market-beating returns in the year to April 30.

The FTSE 100 closed down 7.97 points at 7704.40 after a delayed start to morning trading.

Poundworld  is poised to announce its intention to appoint administrators, putting around 5,300 jobs at risk.

Marks and Spencer boss Steve Rowe has had his pay slashed by 30 per cent, losing all his bonus after a dive in profits.

Controversial new rules that could allow state-owned companies to sidestep key requirements for premium listings on the London Stock Exchange have been finalised by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA).

UK brewer and pub operatorFuller, Smith & Turnerhas reported a one per cent increase in pre-tax profits to £43.2million despite challenging market conditions that left beer and cider volumes flat.

BT chief executive Gavin Patterson will depart later this year as the company seeks new leadership for it turnaround efforts.

Gavin Patterson will lose a £3.5million bonus after he was ousted from his job as BT's chief executive.

The Sainsbury's boss caught singing 'We're in the money' after unveiling a takeover of Asda was paid £3.4million last year.

Henri Lloyd is the latest High Street retailer to go bust.

The City watchdog has been accused of watering down protection for small investors in a bid to bag the £1.5 trillion float of oil firm Aramco.

As the bell rang for the close of the market last night, another British technology company revealed it was being preyed on by a foreign firm.

RATE RISEHalf the population are braced for a rise in interest rates from 0.5 per cent over the next 12 months, a Bank of England study has found.

An oil and gas company that plans to become one of the biggest independent players in eastern Europe by developing a £30 million prospect in Georgia is listing on the stock exchange on Monday.

Big four audit firm PwC is braced for a stinging fine from the accountancy regulator for its role in auditing collapsed retailer BHS.

Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley has become the latest victim of House of Fraser’s woes after it emerged that he has written off £11 million from the value of his stake in the stricken retailer.

Former Marks & Spencer chief executive Marc Bolland has been paid £62,899 by the company he left two years ago despite a collapse in profits since his departure.

PIE SALEFood tycoon Ranjit Boparan is preparing to sell his pies business, Holland Pies.

House of Fraser’s rescue deal could be unravelled by landlords who are planning to take legal action against it.

WPP is bracing for a fiery annual meeting this Wednesday amid calls for more information about ousted chief executive Sir Martin Sorrell’s departure.

Rolls-Royce is poised to axe 4,000 jobs as part of its brutal overhaul to rein in costs.

‘Big four’ audit firm KPMG has been fined £3.15million by the accountancy regulator for its role in auditing insurance software firm Quindell.

Rolls-Royce shares took a hit today after it warned that it will incur unforeseen additional costs after discovering technical issues with another set of its engines.

HSBC’s new boss John Flint said the bank will invest $15billion to $17billion in ‘growth and technology’ as he unveiled an updated strategy for the bank.

Rolls-Royce said it has to carry out more tests on its flagship Trent 1000 Package B engines which are used in the Boeing 787 Dreamliner.

TSB could be forced to pay its Spanish owners £110million a year for a botched IT upgrade which brought the bank to its knees.

The threat of a bidding war over Inmarsat sent shares surging nearly 13 per cent.

Sterling fell against the dollar and the euro yesterday as investors bet against an interest rate rise this summer after the worst month for British factories for six years.

BOSS BATTLEA leadership race is gathering pace at £1 trillion savings firm Legal & General Investment Management.

HSBC's boss has ruled out further branch closures.

The boss of Uswitch has made £2.4m after selling stock in its parent firm.

The BBC, ITV and Channel 4 are taking the fight to Netflix by investing £125million to create an app to stream their own shows.

Ocado shares surged after it received ringing endorsements from two brokers – meaning it’s worth more than Sainsbury’s.

It has become a favourite of the Royal family and been manufactured exclusively in Britain since it first rolled off the production line almost 30 years ago.

An attempt to oust the chairman and director of a £153million investment trust is being probed by the City watchdog.

Housebuilder Crest Nicholson has revealed the average price for one of its new build homes has now climbed to £439,000, which is 15.7 times the average annual UK wage of around £28,000.

The FTSE 100 closed down 33.62 points at 7703.8 as news of a historic deal to de-nuclearise the Korean peninsula made its impact on markets around the world.

FRAUD FAILThe number of white-collar crime prosecutions has dropped by nearly a third to 7,786 in the past seven years, research by law firm Pinsent Masons shows.

Natwest is trialling a new way of shopping online without debit or credit cards.

The head of GSK’s vaccines division is leaving in the latest shake-up since chief executive Emma Walmsley took over last year.

More than £1billion was wiped off Britain’s housebuilders as the slowdown in the property market continues to bite.

Shares in Just Eat plunged 10 per cent this morning on the news that rival food delivery outfit Deliveroo is about to muscle in on its fast-food customers.

Interserve has become the latest firm to suffer an investor revolt over pay.

The accountancy firm which gave BHS a clean bill of health days before it was sold for £1 have been slapped with a £6.5million fine –and the bean-counter responsible has been banned from auditing for 15 years.

National Savings & Investments has slashed the savings limit on four popular accounts.

An American internet group is spearheading a £2.2billion investment bonanza into the British tech industry, it was revealed last night.

Luxury bag maker Mulberry has been bitten by a tough UK retail market as like-for-like sales slipped 1 per cent last year.

Ryanair is opening a new base in Britain – in an apparent U-turn after warning that Brexit would be a disaster for the UK and the country’s airline industry.

The finance chief at online fashion retailer Boohoo has pocketed £3.3million after exercising share options.

Fashion brand Guess has paid almost £375,000 to five people who accused its co-founder of sexual harassment and assault.

A devastating profit warning wiped nearly £58million off the value of WH Smith’s former newspaper distribution arm and led to the departure of two directors.

WPP continued to pay Sir Martin Sorrell tens of millions of pounds to stop the former chief executive from 'throwing his toys out of the pram', the group's chairman has claimed.

TRADE TRIUMPHPayments processing firm Adyen saw its share price almost double as it started trading on the Dutch stock exchange.

Britain's biggest building society has come under fire for dishing out £6.5million to bosses.

The owner of Universal Studios last night launched a £50billion bid for the bulk of Rupert Murdoch’s 21st Century Fox.

The £10million fine slapped on accounting giant PwC has been branded 'totally inadequate' as pressure mounts on regulators to get tough on failing auditors.

Plus-size fashion group N Brown is taking the axe to its store estate and could close all 20 of its shops, as 'very disappointing' footfall takes it toll on the firm.

The FTSE 100 closed up 62.08 points at 7765.79 and the pound was at $1.33 against the dollar as investors digested an interest rate rise by the US Federal Reserve.

Investors inUnilevercould be forced to sell their shares as the group's chief finance boss confirmed it is'extremely unlikely' to remain in the FTSE 100 index.

Shares inRevolution Bars Groupfell by 15 per cent in early morning trading, after the company admitted it was experiencing 'challenging and volatile' trading conditions.

The UK is the top country in Europe for developing apps, with more than 290,000 jobs linked to Apple's App Store.

A profit warning punished Revolution Bars shares yesterday as the cocktail chain blamed both the snow and sun for keeping drinkers out of its bars.

BT Executives continued to interfere at Openreach as it drew up broadband plans despite promises the cables arm would become independent, it has been claimed.

A fat cat building boss has picked up shares worth £26million – and given more than £3million of them to his wife.

Bank of England governor Mark Carney was paid almost £900,000 in the year to February.

POLISH OFFLondon-based lender Standard Chartered is hiring 750 staff in Poland's capital Warsaw to provide back-office services.

A tussle for control of Southend Airport turned into an all-out war last night after the former chief executive was fired from his seat on the board and accused of trying to cash-in £30million of shares.

Rolls-Royce boss Warren East slammed the firm’s financial performance as ‘abysmal’ as he axed 4,600 jobs in a bid to save £400million per year.

Majestic sold out of a white wine after supplying it for the royal wedding reception.

The FTSE 100 closed down 131.88 points at 7633.91 after the US announcement of trade tariffs on China spooked investors.

Tesco, Britain's biggest retailer, bagged its tenth consecutive quarter of growth as same store sales in the UK and Ireland rose 3.5 per cent in its first quarter.

Iceland has suffered a fall in profits as the value-end supermarket invested in making price cuts to keep pace in the ongoing grocery price war.

Rolls-Roycehas warned that it could incur £100million of additional costs as a result of technical issues with its engines.

When Poundworld crumbled into administration earlier this week, threatening 5,100 jobs and 350 stores, it did more than add to the ongoing narrative of high street carnage.

Tescois stripping thousands of brands from its shelves in a shake-up aimed at beating the discounters.

More costs linked to engine problems at Rolls-Royce failed to stall shares after it revealed ambitious financial targets.

Fund manager Neil Woodford has broken his silence on the row engulfing Southend Airport owner Stobart Group.

The outgoing boss of Royal Mail will collect up to £2.6million from the company after quitting her post.

Zero-interest credit-card offers are a risk to lenders and could saddle them with losses, a watchdog has warned.

SKY BIDUniversal Studios owner Comcast’s bid for Sky has been cleared by European regulators.

Online estate agentPurplebrickswill be expanding its US footprint with plans to launch in Las Vegas and Phoenix next week.

Unilever, the world's second largest advertiser, will no longer work with social media 'influencers' who buy fake followers.

CYBG, owner of Clydesdale Bank, Yorkshire Bank and B Brands, has agreed to buy Virgin Money for £1.7billion.

Stock markets around the world have started the week on edge as trade wars and Brexit dominate the agenda.

Relations between barmy-sounding hedge funder Bill Gross and his ex-wife Sue have turned rancid.

SCOTCH STARInverness whisky distillery Tomatin increased sales by 25per cent to £18million last year as profits jumped 14per cen to £4million.

A swingeing broker downgrade wiped £565million off the value of booming British tech firm Ocado.

Debenhams has slashed profit expectations for the third time this year after 'increased competitor discounting and weakness in key markets' knocked sales in May and early June.

Shares in retirement housebuilderMcCarthy & Stoneplummeted 17 per cent in early trading after it issued a profit warning because of disappointing spring sales and weaker property prices.

Fashion retailerBonmarchehas boosted its pre-tax profits by 38.1 per cent thanks to strong online sales and cost cutting offsetting a ‘disappointing’ high street performance.

This time a year ago, bosses at Dixons Carphone were toasting record profits and gloating that the electricals retailer was ‘well positioned to flourish’.

Sky News will be safeguarded for 15 years under a proposal to seal an £11.7billion takeover.

The sale of a British aeroplane-parts maker to China has been delayed by the Government on national security grounds.

Christian Louboutin has pocketed a chunk of a £3million payout for shoes sold in the UK last year despite dwindling profits and flat sales.

HOTEL VOICEA version ofAmazon’s Alexa voice assistant aimed at hotels has been unveiled.

Debenhams shares crashed to an all-time low last night after it issued its third profit warning in six months.

Shares in model train maker Hornby were derailed by steep losses and a sharp fall in sales.

Dairy Crest boss Mark Allen’s pay doubled last year.

London-focused property firm Berkeley beat analyst expectations today, reporting a 15 per cent jump in profits to £934.9 million for the year to April 30.

The FTSE 100 closed up 23.55 points at 7627.40, bouncing back as traders await news of Chinese countermeasures to tariffs threatened by US president Donald Trump.

Tool hire groupHSShas secured a refinancing deal with its lenders as it battles to turn its financial fortunes around.

Social housing and support services groupMearshas seen its operations 'stabilise' a year after the Grenfell Tower fire tragedy.

High-end restaurant chain Prescott and Conran, founded by Sir Terence Conran in 2006, has slumped into administration putting over 168 jobs at risk.

A British maker of iPhone chips has launched an audacious £1.2billion takeover for an American rival in a bid to survive a bruising bust-up with Apple.

Defence giant BAE Systems has struck a deal worth up to £1billion to sell amphibious tanks to the US Marines.

Bike retailer Halfords has handed its chief executive more than £1.8million for just 75 days in the job.

Imperial Brands had a smoking day yesterday, as the tobacco company was rewarded for its drive into cigarette alternatives.

GlaxoSmithKline is developing a pioneering injection to retake the lead in the £20billion HIV drugs market.

TRADE VICTIMChinese chip maker ZTE has seen nearly £5.5billion wiped off its value this week after US lawmakers moved to uphold sanctions against it.

Disney has raised its offer for 21st Century Fox's entertainment businesses to £54billion in a bid to see off Comcast.

Bosses at ASDA and Sainsbury's have been accused of planning to 'cut the throats' of small suppliers with a £14billion merger that will create a new mega-supermarket.

Box maker boss Miles Roberts will trouser £4million despite taking a pay cut.

The FTSE 100 closed down 70.96 points at 7556.44 and the pound was at $1.32 on growing expectations of an interest rate rise in August.

Dixons Carphone has posted a slump in annual profits, a week after revealing it had been struck by a major cyber attack.

NOODLE NEWSUK-owned sushi and noodle restaurant chain Itsu has opened its first store in the US, in New York.

Housing market gloom encroached on builder Crest Nicholson yesterday, as its shares reversed from an early climb.

Highway and airport engineering group Colas said it is pumping fresh cash into its UK business and gearing up to spend 'billions' on takeovers in a bid to boost market share.

Footasylumslipped up big time this week as the trendy athleisure retailer triggered a wave of analyst downgrades with its full-year results on Tuesday.

House of Fraser has been given the green light from creditors to axe more than half of its store estate, resulting in up to 6,000 job losses.

Aston Martin is planning to offer customers discounted shares as part of a £5bn listing in London.

Internet retailers floundered yesterday after a US tax ruling bumped up the bills that companies such as Asos and Boohoo will have to pay when they sell products across the pond.

Financier Guy Hands’s private equity group has won a legal tussle over 24 care homes.

BREXIT LINKSBritain and the EU must allow millions of trading and insurance contracts to continue after Brexit or face chaos, lobby group International Capital Markets Association has warned.

Britain's best-known fund manager has criticised short-term speculators who use the stock market as a 'casino', accusing them of 'crippling the economy'.

Demand for additive-free and organic pet food has rocketed as the healthy eating craze spreads to animals.

The boss of Mr Kipling cake maker Premier Foods faces calls to quit from its biggest investor - which has accused him of wrecking the business.

ITALIAN SALE The scandal-hit Italian arm of BT could be ditched at a loss.

China's biggest technology company has set its sights on pioneering UK rivals as it plots a global expansion.

High street stalwart Marks and Spencer has joined forces with technology giant Microsoft as it bids to revive its fortunes using technology, including Artificial Intelligence.

Shares inCountrywidehave fallen by 25 per cent after the estate agent group issued a warning over its profits and vowed to raise fresh funds in a bid to cut its debts.

Trade war fears  hammered global stock markets and saw the the FTSE 100 suffer its worst one-day decline in over a year.

Tescois ditching its Brand Guarantee price-matching scheme to focus instead on cutting the prices of everyday products, it announced today.

Following the recent exit of boss Sir Martin Sorrell, more than 6 per cent of the advertising group’s stock is now on loan to short sellers who predict its share price will fall.

Friends of former prime minister David Cameron will cash in from the £145m float of a behavioural science firm.

A combination of trade-war fears, commodities concerns and rising oil prices prompted a sell-off approaching February’s plunge.

Leon has high hopes for its US expansion – and convincing Americans to give its fish-finger wraps and Moroccan meatballs a go.

Jobs are under threat at Marks & Spencer’s banking arm as it slashes its branch staff.

Chinahas buried a clause in the deal to buy a British microchip firm that will stop its technology ever being sold back overseas.

Carpetright swung to an underlying pre-tax loss of £8.7million in its last full year, having made profit of £14.4million the year before.

Shares in Britain’s biggest estate agent crashed to an all-time low after it issued a second profits warning in just six months and outlined plans to tap investors for funds to tackle crippling debts.

The FTSE 100 closed up 28.08 points at 7537.92, after clawing back into the black following its dramatic plunge yesterday.

The 'bad bank' set up by the Government in 2010 is aiming to sell all the assets it took control of after the financial crisis in the next three years.

SOLO SLUMPThe boss of Disney Bob Iger may oust Kathleen Kennedy, president of subsidiary Lucasfilm, which made Solo: A Star Wars Story, after the film’s poor box-office performance.

Heathrow’s third runway may not yet exist, but already its presence is being felt.

Marston’s is hoping a range of American craft beers will boost its fortunes and take the business more upmarket.

Shares in Inmarsat fell more than 10 per cent after a French rival dropped plans to launch a takeover of the satellite communications firm less than 24 hours after announcing them.

Blue-chip bosses launched an incredible attack on Amazon, Netflix, Facebook and Google and demanded the tech firms face higher taxes and tougher rules.

An anti-corruption chief who quit Standard Chartered after allegations of misbehaviour during an affair has got a job helping Aviva tackle financial crime.

The head of genetics at London’s Institute of Cancer Research has been made chairman of Astrazeneca’s science committee.

Sainsbury’s sales surprisingly slumped as it battled to secure its £14.1billion merger with Asda.

Costa Coffee became the latest high street casualty today as sales cooled in its first quarter.

The FTSE 100 closed up 83.77 points at 7621.69 on hopes US president Donald Trump is rowing back from launching a full-blown trade war.

The John Lewis Partnership, which operates the department store and upmarket grocery chain Waitrose, warned today that profits for the first half of this year will be 'close to zero' amid a 'major shift' for the High Street.

Over the last two years the once-loved institution of the British department store has been well and truly shaken.

The Never Knowingly Undersold price guarantee has labelled a ‘straitjacket’ that has wiped out profits at John Lewis, experts said last night.

Office business IWG may be being circled by suitors hoping to snap it up, but it certainly wasn’t showing its best side yesterday.

Hedge funds are pressuring regulators to force 21st Century Fox into raising its bid for Sky.

A budget airline founded by Sir Stelios Haji-Ioannou is set to go bust unless investors bail it out.

Crisis-hit bank TSB ignored warnings from its own staff that pressing ahead with an IT upgrade would cause disaster, trade union officials have claimed.

Struggling van hire company Northgate is under pressure to sell its profitable Spanish division.

High Street woes have hit sales at Costa Coffee as its parent company pushes on with plans to spin off the cafe firm as a separate business.

The new chief executive of Thames Water is having his bonus scrapped for two years, following anger over leaks and the company’s overseas structure.

H&M's profits slumped in what the boss dubbed a 'tough' first half-year as the Swedish fashion group battled with hoards of unsold clothes.

The City watchdog is probing allegations of insider dealing in the shares of collapsed construction firm Carillion.

The British fashion market could shrink by 1 per cent over the next 12 months, analysts at Kantar Worldpanel have warned, wiping around £350m off its overall value.

Homebase is culling a third of its head office staff - 303 roles - as its new owner gets to work on fixing up the ailing DIY chain.

The boss of one of Britain’s largest pub groups is desperate for England to stay in the World Cup for as long as possible.

Oil prices have risen on the back of concerns that Iranian output could plummet.

Tesla boss Elon Musk is sleeping under his desk at the company’s factory as it races to meet production targets.

PHONE SETTLEMENTHandset makers Apple and Samsung have finally settled a seven-year battle over smartphones.

Mark Carney will be hauled before Parliament to explain why there are so few women in top jobs at the Bank of England.

A seven-year legal battle rages on as mining company Pathfinder Minerals fights to recover its licences.

JCB has announced an investment of more than £50million in a new plant, doubling production of operator cabins used on its machines.

Tesco is planning the biggest revamp of its own-brand food in its 99-year history – and scrapping thousands of big name labels from its shelves.

Thames Water has scrapped its dividend for two years and warned investors they face smaller future payouts as it tries to repair its reputation.

Oil giant BP unveiled plans to put thousands of electric car charging points on forecourts after it bought tech firm Chargemaster for £130million.

A housebuilder whose boss was dubbed 'Mr £131million' over the potential size of his bonus has beefed up its pay committee as it battles to draw a line under the row.

UK shoppers are on a 'path of self-imposed austerity' ahead of Brexit, a market research firm said today, as consumer confidence tumbled in June.

The FTSE 100 closed up 21.30 points at 7636.93.

Shares in FastJet, dubbed the Easyjet of Africa, rocketed today after it outlined plans to secure emergency funding after warning earlier this week that the firm is at risk of going under.

The controversial boss of high interest lender Amigo Loans is set to bag millions as his company hits the stock market next week.

More than £13 billion was wiped off the value of top American drug sellers afterAmazonrevealed it had bought an online pharmacy.

Britain’s economy is growing faster than previously thought – paving the way for another interest rate rise this summer.

The boss of Lloyd’s of London is stepping down amid a radical shake-up of the 330-year-old insurance market under its new chairman.

A vulture fund that targeted the £14 billion deal to create a steel powerhouse which includes the plant in Port Talbot looks set to get its way.

FastJet shares have rocketed after the struggling airline outlined plans to secure emergency funding of up to £9.3m as it looks to stave off the threat of collapse.

More than 4,000 jobs will be saved at Port Talbot after steel giants Tata and Thyssenkrupp agreed a £15 billionn tie-up.

Trustees of Premier Foods’ pension scheme have accused an activist investor of trying to ‘destabilise’ the firm as it attempts to oust chief executive Gavin Darby.

Business veteran and former Asda boss Allan Leighton has been lined up to take over as chairman at London Southend airport owner Stobart Group amid a bitter power struggle engulfing the firm.

The FTSE 100 was in the red throughout today's session, dragged lower by miners like Antofagasta, BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto, which fell by 3 per cent amid rising concerns over a trade war.

Former WPP boss Sir Martin Sorrell has raised £100m for his new advertising venture.

Director deal Entrepreneur Peter Dubens has spent £1.2m on shares in Time Out Group.

Tescohas joined forces with one of France’s biggest supermarkets as boss Dave Lewis continues to wage war on suppliers.

Micro Focus is selling one of its businesses for nearly £2 billion after a takeover turned sour.

Tesla has finally made good on a pledge to build 5,000 Model 3 electric cars per week.

Stobart Group’s former boss is locked in a legal battle with HM Revenue and Customs after he tried to slash his tax bill.

Mattress business Eve Sleep lost more than half its value yesterday after it dumped its boss and warned it will not hit its profit targets.

Whitbread is cutting at least 250 management jobs from its restaurant business as part of a transformation programme.

Vedanta Resources’s founder plans to buy out the firm for around £800m.

The FTSE 100 climbed steadily across the course of the day,  and closed up 45.44 points at 7593.29.

Scandal-hit KPMG is being investigated by the industry watchdog for its work for collapsed Bargain Booze owner Conviviality that went into administration in April.

An activist investor has called for an end to the ‘shocking reign’ of Mr Kipling’s boss.

Shares in mining and trading giant Glencore slid today after it said it has been ordered to hand over documents relating to its business in Nigeria, the Democratic Republic of Congo and Venezuela by US regulators.

Britain's construction sector saw a welcome surge in activity last month as growth rebounded to a seven-month high, new figures have revealed.

Superdrug's tie-up with Love Island has helped plump profits as fans of the hit TV show raced to buy bronzer, make-up and hair products.

Auto Trader’s boss took home £2.6million last year – a 170 per cent increase on the year before.

Glencore’s boss was £343million out of pocket last night after the commodity giant’s shares sank as it was subjected to a US corruption probe.

The ex-boss of Stobart Group has defended his relationship with the retail billionaire and neighbour he wants to install as chairman.

The boss of Mr Kipling owner Premier Foods has won the backing of two City heavyweights as he battles to save his job in a row dubbed 'Dessert Storm'.

Asos's new chairman Adam Crozier will go head-to-head against his old boss Archie Norman who runs Marks & Spencer.

GlaxoSmithKline was facing embarrassment last night after one of its board members was named in a lawsuit over the US opioid crisis.

Investors dumped Tesla shares last night after analysts raised doubts about whether the firm could keep up its recent production of the Model 3 sedan.

Scandal-hit KPMG is being investigated for its audit of bust drinks firm Conviviality – meaning it is being probed over its involvement in seven big business disasters.

PLANT PLANSEnergy group Ineos is building two chemical plants in Europe as part of a £2.3billion project – its biggest ever investment.

Persimmon was last night facing fresh embarrassment over the huge pay difference between boss Jeff Fairburn and other staff.

Sainsbury's hailed the benefits of its proposed mega-merger with Asda today as it reported flat quarterly sales, while big-ticket retailer Topps Tiles said weak consumer demand knocked sales in its latest quarter.

Sainsbury's like-for-like sales edged up just 0.2 per cent in the first quarter of its financial year, marking a slowdown from the 0.9 per cent reported in the previous three months.

Topps Tilessuffered its worst fall in sales so far this year in recent weeks, blaming a 'weaker consumer environment' and 'challenging' market conditions.

Economists were penciling in a rate rise in August today after strong services sector data added to an increasingly optimistic picture for the UK economy.

The administrators of Calvetron Brands have announced all of the Jacques Vert and Precis owner's concessions will now close as it is unable find a buyer for the retail group.

Former WPP boss Sir Martin Sorrell has sent a letter to shareholders in his new company seeking their approval to raise £1billion to fund a string of acquisitions.

North Sea oil exploration firm Hurricane Energy was suddenly thrust into the open as a takeover target yesterday.

A billionaire embroiled in the battle for control of Stobart has made a swoop for Wyevale Garden Centres.

Amazonis plotting a fresh attack on traditional broadcasters with the launch of free channels on its Prime Video service.

The co-chairman of a conglomerate that owns London's Olympia exhibition centre and skyscrapers in Canary Wharf has died on holiday.

PROBE DROPPEDA probe into alleged Libor rigging by Lloyds traders has been dropped by the Serious Fraud Office.

Swimwear brand Speedo helped its owners net a £328million profit following a wave of swimming mania in China.

A hedge fund has increased its stake in Talktalk as rumours swirl the telecoms firm could be put up for sale.

Purplebricks racked up operating losses of £21.3m last year, up from £5m the year before, despite revenues at the flat-fee online estate agent rocketing more than 100 per cent.

Online estate agentPurplebrickshas seen its share price fall more than 5 per cent after revealing rising annual losses, despite strong sales.

It's not all gloom on the High Street.

Two of Britain's housebuilders,PersimmonandBovis Homes, enjoyed strong sales in the first half of this year, recent results show.

A gale is blowing through the UK High Street, and the retail and casual dining industries are feeling the sting.

FIN CITYEdinburgh will be overtaken by Manchester to become the country’s second-largest finance hub if it continues to grow at the current pace, a study by The City UK has found.

Shares in online estate agent Purplebricks were looking a little grey yesterday as losses widened amid an ongoing row over how many houses it actually sells.

A former IBM employee has accused the firm of firing him because he was not a young millennial.

The ex-boss of Stobart Group has been kicked off the ballot for re-election to the board as the fight for control of the company reaches boiling point.

The owner of Mr Kipling, Premier Foods, is under pressure to sell its lucrative Batchelors soup brand amid a spat between the group's chief executive and its second-largest shareholder.

Mining giant Glencore is to buy back nearly £800million worth of shares in a bid to shore up confidence after a corruption investigation saw stock fall more than 12 per cent.

Retailers have suffered a dismal start to the year, according to a survey which found retail sales fell for the fifth consecutive month in June.

Profits at craft beer firm Brewdog plunged to less than £1million last year as it splashed out on opening a brewery in America and a vodka and gin distillery.

Stobart's finance boss Richard Laycock resigned just hours ahead of today's contentious annual general meeting Rolls-Royce fetched £500m for its Commercial Marine business in a sale to to Norwegian firm Kongsberg.

Rolls-Royce is selling the bulk of its troubled marine business to Norwegian rival Kongsberg for £500m.

The row over the future of Stobart Group descended into farce last night as the board refused to reveal the results of a fiery annual meeting.

British satellite maker Inmarsat has fought off interest from an American suitor – but could still fall into the hands of a foreign predator.

The World Cup and Love Island – two of the most unavoidable fixtures on television this summer – were keeping ITV head and shoulders above its FTSE 100 peers yesterday.

Unemployment in the US rose to 4 per cent last month in a blow to Donald Trump.

Not since an ill-fated bottlenose whale took a wrong turn and got stranded in 2006 has a visitor to the Thames attracted so much rubber-necking.

Brexit donor Arron Banks has registered a firm to pay tax in the UK after coming under fire for his opaque finances.

Rescue backers are in talks to plough in an extra £50million to save Carillion's crisis-hit hospital project in Liverpool.

Former Tory party treasurer Michael Spencer is braced for a fiery end to his City reign as he faces a shareholder revolt over an £18.6million bonus from his trading firm.

Sir Martin Sorrell has shrugged off legal threats from his former firm and will this week jet out to one of the biggest – and most secretive – business gatherings in the world.

Accounts for the property group run by billionaire brothers Richard and Ian Livingstone have cemented their position as one of the country's richest families.

The founders of the Eat chain plan to resign following a restructuring that has resulted in the closure of almost 10 per cent of its sandwich shops.

Hedge funds are cashing in on the war on plastics by shorting shares in packaging giantRPC.

Shareholder protest votes against company auditors have taken off since the financial crisis.

Premier Foodschief executive Gavin Darby could be forced to step down amid mounting pressure from shareholders calling for his head.

INVESTMENT FIRSTThe UK remains the top country in Europe for investment in financial services, according to EY.

The ex-boss of Stobart has been sacked again after shareholders voted him back on to the board.

TalkTalk boss Charles Dunstone is facing an investor revolt over a controversial share placing.

The boss of outdoor clothing chain Mountain Warehouse is set to pocket millions of pounds after selling part of the business.

BUY THIS:River and Mercantile This asset management company has been upgraded after slashing the amount of cash it had put aside for a competition probe.

The pound has gone on the slide on news that Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has resigned from the Government.

Struggling High Street retailer Mothercare is set to shutter another raft of stores as its Childrens World chain is forced into administration.

The FTSE 100 jumped higher at the close while the the pound fell after Boris Johnson announced he was resigning as foreign secretary.

Budget fashion and homeware retailer Matalan saw revenues and profits rise in its first quarter as it overcame the High Street's gloom.

Online estate agent Purplebricks became a little more continental yesterday as media group Axel Springer, owner of newspaper Die Welt and publisher of Rolling Stone magazine in Germany, bought another £9.2million of shares.

The chairman of Stobart Group is to step down in the wake of a bitter row over the company's future direction.

The sale of a British plane-parts maker to aChinese-owned rival was called off after a government intervention over national security.

TRADING DELAYHigh Street stalwart Marks & Spencer says it will not provide a trading update today as shareholders gather at London’s Wembley Stadium for its annual general meeting.

Mothercare is being forced to close ten more stores putting 100 jobs at risk as it deals with ‘brutal’ High Street conditions.

Rupert Murdoch’s 21st Century Fox is poised to raise its offer for Sky to £25billion, it was claimed last night.

The company behind Mr Kipling cakes has been plunged into crisis after two hedge fund tycoons stepped up a campaign to oust its chief executive.

The FTSE 100 closed up 4.05 points at 7692.04 and the pound was at $1.33 against the dollar.

Microchip pioneer IQE has received the first order for a breakthrough technology used to make components for internet networks.

The head of Tesco UK Charles Wilson will step down from the company board and his chief executive job after being diagnosed with throat cancer in April.

Online grocer Ocado, which was catapulted into the FTSE 100 last month, revealed today that it had swung to a £9m half-year pre-tax loss - compared with profits of £7.7m a year earlier.

Mothercare is just one of many High Street businesses currently pulling down the shutters on swathes of stores.

The chief executive of London brokerage TP ICAP has left the company with immediate effect, as nearly 35 per cent was wiped from its share price in morning trading.

Ocado bosses will receive an extra £9million windfall after its share price almost trebled in just a year.

Royal Mail faces a shareholder revolt over lavish pay handed to bosses.

The youngest boss of a British public company had her childcare costs paid by the business because she returned to work a fortnight after having a baby.

Diageo has outlined plans to tighten its grip on a Chinese drinks maker whose distillery dates back more than 600 years.

Speculation that 21st Century Fox is about to raise its bid for Sky caused the UK broadcaster’s shares to fly.

Poundworld's administrators are closing 25 stores, resulting in 242 job losses.

Sir Martin Sorrell was last night headed for a legal battle with the advertising group he founded after it vowed to strip him of a £20million payout.

A hedge fund tycoon seeking to oust the boss of cake maker Mr Kipling has doubled his stake ahead of a crunch vote.

The boss of TP Icap has been fired and risks losing a bonus of up to £15million following a mistake that sent shares crashing 36 per cent.

BONUS BLUESBankers at French lender BNP Paribas, Credit Suisse and Germany’s struggling Deutsche Bank are the most unhappy about their pay-outs, according to pay comparison website Emolument.

B&Q is doing away with promotions like multi-buys and slashing the price on thousands of key items instead, in the hope that lower prices all year round will woo shoppers.

The FTSE 100 closed down 100.08 points at 7591.96 and the pound was at $1.32 against the dollar.

Rupert Murdoch's 21st Century Fox group has boosted its offer for the chunk of British broadcaster groupSkyit does not already own to an implied valuation of £24.5billion.

Tim Martin, the boss of pub groupJD Wetherspoon, has waded into the row over Prime MinisterTheresa May'sBrexitnegotiations once again.

HousebuilderBarratt Developmentssaw its completed transaction levels rise to their highest in a decade during the last year.

Sainsbury's confirmed today that City grandee Martin Scicluna will be the supermarket giant's next chairman when David Tyler checks out next year.

Luxury fashion firm Burberry bagged a quarterly sales rise, but said it was feeling the pinch of falling tourist numbers in the UK and Europe.

Entertainment titan Comcast was last night plotting a counter-attack after Rupert Murdoch increased his offer for Sky to £24.5billion.

Mulberry boss Thierry Andretta got a £1.3million pay packet last year.

Shareholders in Indivior suffered another dismal day as the drug company lost nearly a third of its value.

The value of Sky just keeps rising.

BT was rocked by a backlash over pay yesterday as Gavin Patterson’s reign as chief executive limped towards its sorry end.

Sainsbury's has become the latest retailer to warn that it has ‘no divine right to exist’.

Vulture hedge fund Elliott Management has seized control of AC Milan after its owner failed to pay back his debts.

Billionaire trader Michael Spencer has suffered a major shareholder rebellion over his pay.

Apple is employing 5,000 people to develop driverless cars.

The ex-boss of Stobart has called off an attempt to replace the company’s chairman in the latest twist in a blazing row.

EQUALITY CASEThe UK’s biggest supermarket, Tesco, is facing a £4bn legal challenge as 1,000 workers filed a claim over equal pay.

The FTSE 100 closed up 59.37 points at 7651.33 and the pound was at $1.32 against the dollar.

Shares in online fashion retailerAsosfell over 11 per cent this morning, after the group warned investors its full-year sales look set to come in at the lower end of market forecasts.

Shares in Sky rose on Thursday morning after US media giant Comcast submitted a new and improved £26bn offer to acquire the British broadcaster.

The recent warm weather may have given BBQs, booze and electric fans a lift, but it did little for sofa stalwart DFS.

Greedy hedge funds will have a major say in the multi-billion pound battle for Sky after amassing control of nearly a fifth of its shares.

Englandmay have been in a sombre mood after Wednesday night’sWorld Cupdefeat, but the bookies were quietly celebrating their victory.

As many as 36m electric cars could be on UK roads by 2040 – putting a major strain on the electricity grid, experts predict.

Homeware retailers Dunelm and DFS warned on profits after a summer heatwave kept customers out of shops.

Budget airline Norwegian Air swung to a profit as it managed to keep a lid on spending while also boosting demand for cheap long-haul flights.

Unilever faces a rebellion by top shareholders over its controversial decision to move its headquarters to the Netherlands.

It seems the global elite have lost their appetite for super yachts.

Senior investment banker Mary Anne Citrino is joining the board of Barclays as a non-executive director.

CONFIDENCE BLOWAccountant KPMG has suffered a fresh setback in South Africa after finance firm Old Mutual hired rival Deloitte to work alongside it.

The FTSE 100 lost earlier gains but still managed to end the week in positive territory, closing 10.54 points, or 0.14 per cent higher, at 7,661.87.

There were a few shockers on the junior market this week, includingN4 Pharmawhich saw more than a third wiped from its value after one of its lead drugs failed in an early-stage study.

Car parts and bike retailer Halfords is bringing in a new finance chief from Waitrose to replace the outgoing Jonny Mason.

Recruitment firm Hays said it expects full-year profits to come in ahead of expectations after posting an upbeat trading update, despite ongoingBrexitconcerns.

Another booming bargain business is seemingly rebuffing the retail blues, as fast-growing value chain The Works readies itself for a £100m listing on the London Stock Exchange next week.

Chapel Down has given its US distribution partner the chance to buy thousands of its shares as its fizz proves a hit with Americans.

John Lewis is about to unveil the biggest facelift in its 154-year history as it fights falling sales and dwindling profits.

More than £52m of Ocado shares have been cashed in by a trust in the Bahamas that counts the online grocer’s chief executive Tim Steiner as a beneficiary.

For all the talk of a Brexit slowdown, international recruiter Hays posted growth across all its key countries, including the UK.

Another 80 Poundworld stores are to shut, resulting in 1,024 more job losses.

A Barclays banker who rigged global interest rates has evaded UK justice by running away to his native France.

The boss of Stagecoach has been stripped of his bonus after it had to hand back the East Coast train franchise to the Government earlier this year.

Back in 2007, few outside of America’s financial district had ever heard of John Paulson.

The FTSE 100 closed 61.42 points down to 7,600.45, after opening flat, dragged lower by energy and mining companies after a slide in the price of oil and metals.

Debenhams' share price sank 5 per cent as markets opened this week following reports that some credit insurers had reduced cover for its suppliers.

Paying out Household spending in June was 0.7 per cent higher than the same month last year.

Cake supplier Finsbury Food said it had been hit by rising ingredients and labour costs as it posted falling revenues.

Tesco is facing an investigation into the impact its tie-up with Carrefour, one of France’s biggest supermarket groups, has had on competition.

Pharmaceutical pioneer Indivior was given a welcome shot in the arm yesterday after a US court banned one of its competitors from selling its cheaper generic products.

Netflix suffered a shock share price dive last night after missing subscriber growth targets for the first time in more than a year.

GOING DUTCHMarmite maker Unilever is reportedly in talks with its second-biggest shareholder, The Leverhulme Trust, over its controversial decision to scrap its British headquarters.

The AA executive who was punched by his chairman is quitting the company.

Boeing powered ahead of European rival Airbus as the plane makers went head-to-head on the opening day of the Farnborough Airshow.

One of Britain’s biggest care home groups is to be put up for sale in a deal that could net its owners more than £2.5billion The owners of Barchester Healthcare – the Irish business tycoons Dermot Desmond, JP McManus and John Magnier – have asked investment bank JP Morgan to assess their options for the firm, which most likely means its sale.

China has spent a record £1.8billion in six months buying British companies and technology as it plots to develop its own digital giants.

Mr Kipling’s boss seems likely to see off a challenge to his leadership from activist investors.

Burberry’s chief finance and operating officer Julie Brown has snapped up £180,000 worth of shares at 2102p each.

The FTSE 100 closed up 25.88 points at 7626.33 and the pound was at $1.32 against the dollar.

Royal Mail saw a decline in the volumes of letters it sends out after the new General Data Protection Regulation made it harder for businesses to send unsolicited junk mail.

TalkTalk struck a positive note with investors today as the troubled telecoms group's sales took off in the first quarter and its customer base swelled.

2018 is on course to be the most catastrophic year for store closures since 2008, with more than 10,000 shops expected to cease trading overall - on top of the near 61,000 that closed between 2012 and 2017.

The FTSE 100 closed up 49.95 points at 7676.28 as a weaker pound helped the exporters thronging the UK's top index.

Easyjetplans to join its rivals in launching a legal complaint to the European Commission over swathes of air traffic control strikes hitting the continent.

Premier Foods'embattled chief executive Gavin Darby has insisted his strategy for the company is 'delivering results.'

Steak restaurant chain Gaucho is gearing up to call in administrators after its lenders opted not to plough ahead with a rescue deal.

While many retailers are shutting up shop, fast-growing chocolate firm Hotel Chocolat opened 15 new stores last year, helping it to bag a delicious double-digit sales rise.

Pensions campaigner Ros Altmann has become chairman of financial tech firm Pensionsync.

FTSE 100-listed engineer Smiths Group was wounded as its medical devices arm fell foul of new European rules.

HUSH HOURSupermarket Morrisons is launching a 'quieter hour' at 9am every Saturday to help people who struggle with music and other noise.

Royal Mail was humiliated yesterday after the multi-million pound pay packet for the company's new German boss was rejected in one of Britain's biggest shareholder revolts.

Soaring temperatures across Britain meant households used 10 per cent less gas than expected in the three months to 30 June,SSE'slatest trading update reveals.

The owner of Universal Studios has dropped out of the race to buy 21st Century Fox to focus on a £26billion takeover of Sky.

Thousands of jobs face the axe at budget retailer Poundworld as all of its 355 stores are set to shut by August 10.

The finance boss of crisis-hit Goals Soccer Centres is resigning to join the family business.

Online price comparison site Money Supermarket had more to reveal yesterday than the scantily clad city workers on its ‘Epic Strut’ TV adverts.

PLANE SALESUS airplane giant Boeing won 528 orders and commitments at the Farnborough Airshow this week, against 431 for arch-rival Airbus.

The head of the City watchdog has handed a £75,000 bonus last year despite criticism over his handling of scandals at RBS and Co-op Bank.

Unilever is to target shoppers directly with more of its premium products as it fights off the threat from cost-cutting supermarkets.

Britain's economy has been boosted by a barbecue summer as households enjoying the heatwave splash out on food and drink, official figures revealed.

Bosses at airplane maker Airbus insist the time is not up for their troubled super jumbo jet A380.

The FTSE 100 closed down 5.18 points at 7678.79 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

Experian's £275million takeover of Clearscorecould be the subject of an in-depth probe by the competition watchdog over concerns that it could increase the cost of credit cards and loans for consumers.

Unileverhas returned around €3billion (£2.7bn) to investors after a successful first round of its share buyback programme.

Hermes International has hailed strong quarterly sales as Chinese shoppers continue to go wild for luxury fashion, despite the burgeoning trade war with the US and China's slowing economic growth.

A black hole of more than £1.5billion has opened in the pension schemes of some of Britain’s biggest High Street chains.

PRODUCER GUSHINGRising oil prices have helped improve takings at London-listed producer Urals Energy.

Lloyd's of London insurer Beazley, which covers risks ranging from terrorist kidnapping to construction faults, had almost £45million wiped off its share price yesterday as half-year results disappointed investors.

GlaxoSmithKline could spin off its consumer arm to focus on its pharmaceuticals and vaccine businesses, it was claimed last night.

President Trump sent the dollar lower as he criticised the US Federal Reserve’s policy of raising interest rates, saying it would take away from the United States competitive edge.

The family owners of Butlin's have pocketed dividends of £100m in just 18 months as a growing number of Britons holidayed at home instead of abroad.

The former Silicon Valley executive brought in as GlaxoSmithKline's top scientist will this week set out his plan for producing more blockbuster drugs.

Quorn is creating hundreds of jobs with a £7m expansion at its Yorkshire base as sales of its meat-free products have boomed.

Taking off Tom Enders, chief executive at Airbus, has suggested his firm's jet fighter business could merge with rival BAE Systems to take on US competitors.

The FTSE 100 closed down 23 points, or 0.3 per cent, at 7,655.79.

Ryanair has blamed strikes, rising staff costs, higher fuel prices and lower fares for a 20 per cent fall in first quarter profits.

M&S may be nearly 140 years old, but it's eager to dust off the cobwebs and prove there's life in the retailer yet.

It was 'one of the most challenging six months the business has ever faced,' the boss of convenience store group McColls admitted today as he revealed that profits had nearly halved.

Convenience store chain McColl's hasn't been pulling in the customers like it used to.

Barclays is creating 2,500 jobs in Glasgow at a new technology hub – doubling its Scottish workforce.

Twsco is hiring staff for a new chain of discount stores called Jack's as it seeks to face down budget rivals Aldi and Lidl.

More than 30,000 store chains are in financial trouble as crisis grips the High Street, according to a report.

Shares in Tesla dropped sharply after the electric car maker reportedly begged suppliers for refunds to help it turn a profit.

A British engineer has been catapulted to the top of one of the world’s biggest car firms.

The on-off sale of British engineer Northern Aerospace to a Chinese buyer is expected to complete today after the Government dropped its concerns over national security.

Profits at Ryanair have nosedived 20 per cent due to lower fares, higher wages for pilots and rising oil prices.

The founder of family sausage firm Heck has accused Aldi of copying his bangers.

The FTSE 100 closed up 53.26 points at 7709.05 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

Retail property firm Hammerson has unveiled a radical strategy shake-up as it acts to appease investors after profits plunged 80 per cent.

Fever-Tree shares fizzed to an all-time high today as the AIM superstar wowed its hard-to-please investors.

Julian Dunkerton has pocketed £71million after selling 5.5m shares, taking his holding down to 15.1m, or 18.5 per cent.

The Europe-wide carbon dioxide shortage left drinks firm Britvic unable to make the most of a surge in demand due to hot weather.

Shop display maker SP Group has collapsed with 371 jobs at risk as the retail crisis continues.

Shopping centre landlord Hammerson has put its entire estate of out-of-town retail parks up for sale as it responds to a dramatic shift in consumer spending habits.

It’s the claim he will be hoping he will not regret as millions jet off on holiday.

BITCOIN BOOSTProfits at online trading firm IG jumped 31 per cent to £280.8million in the year to June.

Britain's love affair with gin drove up sales of Fevertree’s high-end tonic water boosting its market value to more than £4.2billion.

Carmaker Opel-Vauxhall has swung back into the black under its new French owners.

Greedy card companies which charge huge fees to retailers face a crackdown.

ITV boss Carolyn McCall said today that the broadcaster is in discussions with partners about launching a streaming business to rival the likes ofAmazonandNetflix.

Santander's profits fell by 18 per cent in the first half, as it suffered in a 'competitive and uncertain' banking market.

The FTSE 100 closed down 50.79 points at 7658.26 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

Vodafone'sglobal sales slipped by nearly 5 per cent in the first quarter of this year, amid sluggish trading in Italy and Spain.

Shares inWizz Airhave fallen over 5 per cent after the budget airline group posted a 14 per cent fall profits for the first quarter.

Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline is aiming to save £400 million per year by 2021 through a 'major restructuring programme' the firm has revealed.

Joules - the brand known for its bright wellies and outdoor clothing - revealed higher than expected profits for the year today, making it a bright spot on the otherwise largely bleak retail horizon.

Brewery and pub operatorMarston's'benefited significantly' from the World Cup, enjoying a 5.2 per cent sales boost in its first half to 21 July.

High-flyers at the world's largest independent oil trader shared a £1.2billion windfall last year.

GlaxoSmithKline has revealed a major revamp of its research division in a bid to produce the blockbuster drugs of the future.

DEUTSCHE DIPStruggling German lender Deutsche Bank saw profits fall to £632million in the three months to June, 13.5 per cent down on the second quarter of 2017.

City grandee Allan Leighton, 65, has ruled out taking the reins at troubled Stobart Group.

After releasing its results almost a day earlier than planned and announcing a surprise fundraising, Metro Bank took a hit.

The revered boss of Fiat Chrysler, Sergio Marchionne, has died aged 66 from complications following surgery.

Skysaw its customer numbers rise by 500,000 across Europe in the last year, prompting a boost to the group's profits.

Oil giant and FTSE 100 heavyweight Royal Dutch Shell has launched its highly anticipated $25billion (£18.9billion) share buyback programme after booking a leap in earnings.

Addressing investors at Wembley Stadium last month, Marks & Spencer chairman Archie Norman made crystal clear that, despite being a much-loved British brand, M&S does not have a 'God-given right to exist'.

The FTSE 100 closed up 4.91 points at 7663.1 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

Gin-loving Britons have helped drinks giantDiageoboost its sales and profits, new figures released by the company show.

Manchester Trafford Centre owner Intu Properties has fallen afoul of the UK’s retail woes, racking up huge half-year losses.

A chunky £19billion share buyback from Royal Dutch Shell was not enough to stop the oil giant’s shares sliding, as earnings disappointed.

More than $120billion was wiped off Facebook's value after months of scandals and fresh fears about its future profits.

Virgin Money has taken a £7.8million hit after admitting it was over-optimistic about zero-interest credit card deals.

 TV award nominations sparked strong growth at Sky as the British broadcaster sold its shows around the world.

Oil and gas giant BP’s new chairman Helge Lund has joined the board one month earlier than expected.

BUYERS HOVERInvestment firm Alliance Trust is considering the sale of its savings arm after being approached by several buyers.

TSB swung to a hefty half-year loss after a botched IT upgrade that impacted 2 million customers cost the bank £176.4m.

TSB swung to a huge loss in the first half of the year, after the botched IT migration that impacted nearly 2 million customers cost the bank £176.4m.

Telecoms giant BT said growing numbers of EE mobile customers and cost savings helped spur profits in its first quarter.

If it has been a busy week for the blue-chip results then it has been equally frenetic for the small-caps with companies and their advisers pushing out the last leftovers of material news before the month-long summer hiatus kicks off.

Oil major BP has agreed to buy a bundle of US shale oil and gas assets from commodities heavyweight BHP Billiton for $10.5 billion (£8billion) in its biggest deal for nearly 20 years.

BT is set to hike prices for millions to squeeze more cash out of long-suffering customers.

Shares in Rightmovedidn't follow its 'gravity-defying' results yesterday, as analysts sounded a note of caution over a weakening housing market.

Oil giant BP is splashing out £8billion on thousands of acres of land containing 4.6billion barrels of oil and gas in the United States.

Members surge Profits at Nottingham Building Society slipped to £6million for the first six months of 2018, down 21 per cent on the same period last year.

The embattled boss of TSB insisted he will not quit as the bank racked up a £176million bill for its IT meltdown.

Disney has won shareholder backing for its blockbuster £54.3billion takeover of most of 21st Century Fox.

Shares in Twitter slumped almost 20 per cent after user numbers fell by a million in the last three months.

HERO:Richard Bernstein, head of fund manager Crystal Amber Crystal Amber upped pressure on banknote maker De La Rue to overhaul its business which is under threat from new tech and reeling from the passport fiasco.

One of the City’s best-known female fund managers has been poached to run Fidelity International.

The boss of United Utilities will receive a £29,000 windfall on Friday, two days before he imposes a hosepipe ban.

Gambling giantGVC Holdings, the owner of Ladbrokes Coral, is poised to announce a $200million (£153million) tie-up with the world's biggest casino operator this week.

Hopes are rising that Royal Bank of Scotland will this week pay its long-suffering shareholders their first dividend since the days of former chief executive Fred Goodwin.

Emma Walmsley, the boss of GlaxoSmithKline, jokes that she spent more time choosing her £10.4million chief scientist than she did picking her husband.

Tory MP Jacob Rees-Mogg's firm has invested in a company that has subsequently been blamed for more than 180 deaths in South Africa's worst-ever listeria outbreak.

A new investment firm backed by billionaire Brexit donor Peter Hargreaves has posted a near-£500,000 loss as it reels in investors.

A mobile phone app that offers diners restaurant discounts at off-peak hours is to float on the London Stock Exchange this week.

One is a DJ in trendy East London.

Facebook is braced for a $5.7billion tax bill in the US over its Irish subsidiary – and tax changes in Europe could force it to overhaul its business, the company said.

Countrywide, Britain’s biggest chain of estate agents, will make an emergency cash call next week amid concerns that its chairman Peter Long is too stretched to oversee the troubled firm.

A new investment firm backed by billionaire Brexit donor Peter Hargreaves has posted a near-£500,000 loss as it reels in investors.

The publisher of the Mirror and Express newspapers has plunged into the red as it grapples with an ongoing industry-wide decline in print advertising.

Foxtons became the latest firm to bemoan a slowdown in the UK property market today.

Lloyds has been slammed over its treatment of victims caught up in a massive bank fraud.

Americas's tech giants were last night on course to lose more than $50billion in value as Wall Street investors fretted over a series of under-whelming results.

AMERICAN BOOSTEngineer Keller Group made sales of £1billion during the first half of the year, with a strong performance in North America and Europe.

The stuttering London housing market has pushed Foxtons into its first loss for a decade.

Ryanair’s boss was paid £2.1million last year despite cancellations blighting the airline.

The wildfires ravaging Greece are thought to have triggered a surge in insurance claims from super-rich families with waterfront holiday homes.

Vodafone's shares were on the rise as the London market neared a close yesterday, on reports that activist investor Elliott Advisors had begun building a stake.

Britain's car exports to the world rose 6% in June - as production for the home market dived by almost half Britain's car exports to the world rose 6 per cent in June, as the UK automotive industry attempts to spread its trading wings in the run up to Brexit Some 113,152 British-built cars were destined for global markets at the rate of nearly 4,000 every day during June, according to official Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders.

The FTSE 100 closed up 47.91 points at 7748.76 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

British Gas owner Centrica revealed today that rising commodity costs and freezing weather weighed on its bottom line in the first half of the year as it continued to lose hundreds of thousands of customers.. Centrica's share price slid more than 5 per cent in early trading, as the firm hinted at further tariff hikes, claiming it would keep its customer prices 'under review' while wholesale energy costs continue to surge.

Britain’s small investors were cheered today as BP raised its dividend for the first time in four years, boosting many of their pensions and investments.

The heatwave across the UK and Europe in June and July has dented demand for last minute package holidays, Thomas Cook said today.

Tool hire and building materials firm Travis Perkins said today its full-year profits will be at the bottom half of analyst expectations as its retail arm Wickes limps along in a weak home DIY market.

Apple shares jumped more than 2.5 per cent in after-hours trading last night as it stunned Wall Street with third-quarter revenue of $53.3billion.

A former Tory Treasury minister has signed up for another boardroom role – taking the number of jobs she currently holds to seven.

Glencore's production of cobalt from its African mines is soaring.

Housebuilder Taylor Wimpey surprised investors as it revealed it would take a £30million hit from replacing flammable Grenfell-style cladding on some of its builds.

Bosses at Clipper Logistics put their money where their mouth is, buying more than £1million worth of shares after the stock price tumbled on Monday.

Thomas Cook issued a profits warning as holidaymakers put off overseas getaways to enjoy the heatwave at home.

A banker has won an extradition battle with US authorities over charges of currency rigging.

RULES CALLThe funeral market needs regulation urgently, the Co-op has said, warning vulnerable people face misleading sales practices.

Lloyds Banking Group has thanked a cost-cutting drive for helping deliver a 23 per cent rise in half-year profits, despite taking a restructuring charge and a £550million hit from the payment protection insurance scandal.

The FTSE 100 closed down 95.85 points at 7652.91 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

Next shares sunk by more than 6 per cent today as investors winced at news that sales across its 528 shops declined 5.9 per centin the last three months.

Capita Group'sshare price has tumbled this morning after the group warned its profits will come in lower than expected this year.

Prada is pinning its fortunes on a range of orange flame wedge heels touted as being fashion’s next ‘it’ shoes.

Lloyds is facing demands to stop closing branches after profits surged to £3.1billion as the bank roars back to life.

Insurer Direct Line is raking in more than £2million a week from customers who pay for their cover in monthly instalments.

Elon Musk's Tesla plunged to even bigger losses last night despite boosting revenues.

Energy supplier EON is cutting 500 jobs, blaming market changes and growing competition.

A slowdown in orders for Typhoon jets has hit sales at BAE Systems – though bosses have boasted of growing interest for its next-generation fighter.

RECORD INVESTMENTSavers ploughed a record £6.3billion into hedge fund Man Group in the first six months of 2018.

Mining giant Rio Tinto slipped yesterday, even as it promised to return a huge wodge of cash to investors.

House of Fraser was on the brink last night after a Chinese investor lined up to save the retailer walked away from a rescue deal.

House of Fraser has lurched into fresh crisis after C.banner International, the Chinese owner of Hamleys, pulled out of plans to rescue the ailing department store chain.

Barclays revealed dramatically improved profits in the second quarter today, which meant that half-year were much better than feared.

A slowdown in orders for Typhoon jets has hit sales at BAE Systems – though bosses have boasted of growing interest for its next-generation fighter.

The Bank of England has raised interest rates from 0.5 per cent to 0.75 per cent today, despite continued concerns over the economy andBrexit.

The FTSE 100 closed down 76.98 points at 7575.93 and the pound was at $1.30 against the dollar.

Countrywide has lost nearly two thirds of its value today after the embattled estate agent group made a call for emergency funds.

The Bank of England has raised interest rates from 0.5 per cent to 0.75 per cent today, despite continued concerns over the economy andBrexit.

Barclays could be stung with a £184million bill for unpaid VAT in a crackdown on banks by the taxman.

The UK's largest estate agent group Countrywide, which owns firms such as Hamptons and Bairstow Eves, saw its shares crash as it announced an emergency fundraising.

LOGGING OFFThe security chief at Facebook has quit following a series of scandals over election interference.

Problems with its flagship Trent 1000 engines helped push Rolls-Royce to a £1.3billion loss.

Two billionaire retail tycoons look set to go head to head in a battle for House of Fraser as it teeters on the edge of collapse.

Cars with cutting-edge technology push up the price of motor insurance, says a leading firm’s boss.

The ex-boss of Stobart Group has been accused of splurging up to £5million of company cash on private jets and sponsoring horse racing events.

The FTSE 100 closed up 83.17 points at 7659.10 and the pound was at $1.30 against the dollar.

Royal Bank of Scotland showed signs of finally putting the financial crisis behind it today as the lender lifted the lid on plans to pay its first dividend in a decade.

Profits  at Madame Tussauds and Thorpe Park owner Merlin Entertainments crashed as the hot weather visitors off its indoor attractions.

There were no prizes for investors inStride Gaming, owner of Kitty Bingo and host of similar websites, whose shares fell 32 per cent this week.

Pets at Home has been barking up the right tree with its recent moves to bring down prices, as half-year results revealed sales were booming.

A top infrastructure fund has struck a sweetened deal to sell itself to two rivals for £1.5billion.

William Hill suffered a half-year loss after taking a hit on the Government plans to cut the maximum stake on fixed-odds betting terminals to just £2.

British Airways owner IAG will ditch its stake in budget airline Norwegian if its bid to take over the carrier proves unsuccessful.

Royal Bank of Scotland unveiled its first dividend payment to shareholders since its £45billion taxpayer bailout in the financial crisis.

The private equity firm that rescued British Steel for a symbolic £1 has raked in £6million from the firm in management fees.

Revolts by shareholders over company pay and board appointments seem to have become more prevalent this year.

Cobham is making parts for Nasa’s Orion mission which plans to help humans boldly go where they have never gone before.

PETROL PAINDrivers were stung with the return of rising fuel prices in July, figures show.

It is known for handing out loans with eye-watering interest rates.

Discount retail chain The Range has signed a deal to sell Iceland frozen food in its stores.

A top City investor which got its hands on Royal Mail shares in a preferential deal during the controversial privatisation is now cashing in on the postal service's woes, The Mail on Sunday can reveal.

US GAMBLEBookie William Hill is considering a tie-up with an American casino giant to give it a leg up into the lucrative US sports betting market.

British Gas owner Centrica is to make its first major investment in the burgeoning sector of electric vehicle charging.

Debenhams is limbering up to lure young shoppers by putting gyms in its stores and offering money off beauty products.

Deliveroo is expanding its network of 'super kitchens' across the UK as it takes the fight to its bigger rival Just Eat.

House of Fraser's collapse looked imminent last night as rescue talks led by Sports Direct owner Mike Ashley deteriorated.

The FTSE 100, which had opened flat at 7,600,just about managed to end the day in positive territory, up 4.68 points at 7,663.78.

Shares in office space firm IWGtumbled by more than a fifth today after it walked away from discussions with three private equity suitors.

HSBC – Europe’s biggest bank – hailed progress today as it presses ahead with a radical strategic overhaul, despite the threat of a turbulent and uncertain market.

Shared office business IWG has managed to bat away all three of its keenest suitors, saying none of them could deliver a takeover worth agreeing to.

Food manufacturers are fighting back against Aldi, accusing it of producing knock-offs of their products.

Space firms have hailed an investment boom as they prepare to launch the first satellites from UK soil.

It looks like a good year for fine wine investment as more Chinese drinkers pour their cash into pricey bottles of rare Bordeaux.

An oil boss has taken a 65 per cent pay cut to save cash for shareholders.

Defence firm Ultra Electronics has revealed spending nearly £1million on a fraud probe.

JET SUCCESSPassengers travelling with easyJet jumped 4.5 per cent last month to 8.5m despite the airline being forced to cancel flights due to strikes and a runway closure at Gatwick.

Rupert Murdoch’s 21st Century Fox is expected to make a counter-bid for Sky within days after its offer was eclipsed by a rival suitor.

Kees Kruythoff, who has been at Unilever for more than 20 years, has bought shares in the firm worth £303,000.

An electronics and homeware chain run by the owners of House of Fraser has gone bust.

The Footsie closed 0.7 per cent, or 54.70 points higher at 7,718.48.

Domino’s Pizzaposted strong sales, helped by investments in its online platform, but international expansion made a dent in its profits, sending shares down more than 10 per cent.

TheWorld Cupand unusual hotweatherfailed to bring a desired boost to retail sales as they still fell short of expectations last month, growing only by 0.5 per cent, new figures show.

FTSE 100 fund management giant Standard Life Aberdeen has seen £16.6 billion in net outflows of assets for the first half of the year, it revealed today.

Ailing fashion firm New Look has fashioned a slight rise in profits as its efforts to cut costs start to pay off and it ploughs ahead with the closure of 70 under-performing stores.

DIY trading platformHargreaves Lansdownposted a set of strong full-year results today as it attracted more customers and grew the inflow of assets it manages.

More than £146million was wiped off Domino's pizza chain's value amid growing tensions between franchise workers and chief executive David Wild.

The pair behind Fever-Tree have raked in £103.5million after selling a chunk of shares.

Iain Mackay, 56 Chief financial officer, GSK Drugs giant Glaxosmithkline has picked up HSBC'S departing finance chief.

McVitie's owner Pladis is eyeing a £100million sale of savoury biscuit maker Jacob's.

The boss of investment firm Hargreaves Lansdown has defended the fees the firm charges savers after another bumper year.

Fashion chain New Look continued to decline as it pressed ahead with axing 70 stores.

Quality testerIntertekmay not be the FTSE 100's best-known company but, as the quality tester behind conglomerates such as Unilever and Kraft, it's a heavy hitter.

An Indian taxi app is launching in the UK as its global battle with Uber ramps up.

Veteran food boss Luke Johnson is plotting a rescue of the crisis-hit, high-end restaurant group Gaucho.

Shares in Tesla were suspended last night after Elon Musk threatened to take the electric car maker private in a Twitter outburst.

Troubled outsourcer Interserve has blamed the blockade against Qatar for some of its woes as it swung to a loss and debts spiralled.

Three former directors of a company which supplied fire engines to theLondonFire Brigade have been slapped with half a million pounds' worth of fines for dodgy accounting.

DATA JOBSBudget airline EasyJet is recruiting 28 data scientists to improve customer experience and loyalty while improving efficiency and lowering costs.

Earnings season continues with a bookie, a housebuilder and a mining giant among  the companies reporting today.

Paddy Power Betfair'sprofits rose by 4 per cent to £106million in the first half of this year, the group's latest results reveal.

Glencore'sshare price has taken a dip this morning after the group posted first half earnings lower than analysts expected.

The pound has fallen to a nine-month low against the euro amid fears the UK will crash out of the European Union without a trade deal in place.

HousebuilderBellwayhas said it expects the trend of 'more moderate' house price growth across the UK to continue.

The boss of insurance titan Prudential has pocketed £493,000 in perks, including money for his mortgage.

Corporate raider Edward Bramson is demanding a say over the new chairman of Barclays as his assault on the lender continues.

Online shopping gave specialist bra maker Bravissimo a lift last year as sales rose 3.4per cent to £51.9million.

Mark & Spencer is allowing customers to return clothing to its food-only stores as it prepares to close 100 shops.

RETIREMENT DEFECITA total of 15per cent of women have no pension, compared to only 11per cent of men.

Goldman Sachs is plotting to buy a tanker-load of gas as it eyes new opportunities in the booming energy market.

Higher cobalt prices and production have pushed profits up at Glencore.

Shopkeepers are touting zero-interest loans to customers in a bid to boost sales, Secure Trust Bank has said.

Logistics firm Wincanton is to pay more to help plug the £221m black hole in its pension fund.

Half-year results from gambling giantPaddy Power Betfairwere not as dazzling as shareholders had hoped, despite its boss claiming that the business was finally getting its 'mojo' back.

Electric car maker Tesla's bosses are locked in discussions over taking the firm private, as speculation rages over whether founder Elon Musk can find the money.

Up to 2,000 jobs are at risk at Homebase as its new owner prepares to swing the axe.

Nearly a fifth of Investec bank's shareholders have voted to ditch KPMG as auditor in South Africa amid a scandal over the accounting firm's work in the country.

The FTSE 100 is well into the red on Thursday morning as the ongoing worries over global trade kick back up a gear.

Tui has suffered an 18 per cent drop in third-quarter earnings and warned summer bookings were unlikely to beat expectations due to the recent heatwave.

Horror hit A Quiet Place has helped boost profits at media conglomerate Viacom.

Poundworld UK has been purchased byDublinretailing family the Hendersons, who opened Ireland's original Poundworld store in 1984.

Oil companies are trying to sink Elon Musk's Tesla because of fears they will be hit by the rise of electric cars, it has been claimed.

Adidas is to relaunch a series of styles from the Eighties and Nineties to tap in to the trend for retro fashions.

Serge Crasnianski, 76 Chief executive, Photo-Me The boss of Photo-Me has seen his pay more than halved after posting a profit warning.

More AA members had their breakdowns dealt with by a non-AA garage as it struggled to meet a spike in calls during this year's extreme weather.

Topshop boss Sir Philip Green's deal with a Chinese partner has ended – in a major blow to his global plans.

Pensioners stuck in a dilapidated house they cannot afford to fix are being offered a new kind of loan by savings firm Legal & General.

CARDIFF HOTELBudget hotel operator Easyhotel has bought a site in Cardiff and has planning permission at Fitzalan Place for a 120-bedroom hotel to open in 2019-20.

Losses widened at luxury parka maker Canada Goose due to its global expansion plan.

Investors punishedCard Factoryafter it wrote home with a warning on profits.

Families are staying at home to enjoy the hot weather rather than booking a summer holiday on the Continent, travel firm Tui has said.

Telecoms giant BT is creating more than 1,000 jobs.

Security firm G4S is battling against the decline of cash.

Ailing Deutsche Bank is axing free daily fruit supplies for its staff as it cuts costs.

It's more bad news for the high street this morning, as department store group House of Fraser announced it is calling in administrators.

The pound remains under pressure with the threat of a no-deal Brexit on the horizon and tentative economic growth.

'Intense competition' and a sluggish housing market put a damper on Nationwide's latest quarterly results.

There's gold in thar hills – only problem is we can’t get to it.

Online clothing giants Asos and Boohoo slumped as a tax crackdown loomed.

Disgraced door-to-door lender Provident Financial offered customers 'silent accounts' that enabled them to keep their debts secret from their partners, according to a former executive.

City advisers are in line for £580million of fees in the take-over of Sky as the £26billion bidding battle nears its climax.

Australian businessman Ian Malouf is suing the organisers of the Monaco Yacht Show for allegedly barring him from the industry’s biggest networking event.

The Big Four accountancy firms are run like ‘sweetie shops’ for the partners and cost-cutting has eroded the quality of large company audits, it was claimed last night.

The London-listed oil companyJKX Oil & Gasis scrambling to find out why a Ukrainian MP has quietly become its second largest shareholder in a deal that has sparked speculation of a potential takeover by oligarchs.

Mike Ashley has been accused of abusing the system after he bought bust department store House of Fraser in a controversial £90million deal that leaves 10,000 pension fund members in the lurch.

British Gas owner Centrica handed top bosses performance-linked incentives worth almost £2million this summer, as the Big Six pushed through controversial price hikes for customers.

More than 70 staff at a robotics company will share a near-£100million bonus bonanza after a stunning stock market run triggered Silicon Valley-style rewards.

The founder of Jack Wills is set to leave the brand amid clashes with its private equity owner.

Last ditch efforts are underway to help secure the pensions of thousands of House of Fraser workers.

The FTSE 100 closed down 24.56 points at 7,642.45.

Clarkson posted falling profits in the first six months of the year as it reiterated the impact of a 'challenging environment' in the shipping and offshore markets on business.

Defence equipment specialist Chemring has warned profits are likely to take a £10 to £20million hit aftera fatal explosion at its Salisbury facility on Friday.

Shares in insurance firm Esure jumped by nearly a third after today after it revealed it is in talks on a possible £1.2billion takeover by private equity firm Bain Capital.

A £130million legal showdown is looming over claims British mobile companies colluded to sink Phones 4U.

More than £8billion was wiped off the value of the German company behind Roundup after a court ruled the weedkiller caused cancer.

Investors fled flares-makerChemringafter an explosion at its Wiltshire plant on Saturday killed one worker and seriously injured another.

Rupert Murdoch's 21st Century Fox has offered Sky boss Jeremy Darroch a potentially lucrative share deal in exchange for staying in his job if the broadcaster is taken over.

Elon Musk has revealed Saudi Arabia as the main source of cash in his grand plan to take Tesla private.

Insurance tycoon Sir Peter Wood looks set for a £360million payday from the sale of Esure to US private equity suitors for nearly £1.2billion.

CHEAP BEAUTYBudget retailer Poundland is launching its own skincare range as it looks to tap into what is tipped to become a £26.7billion beauty market in the UK.

The FTSE 100 closed down 30.81 points at 7611.64 and the pound was at $1.27 against the dollar.

Peter Hetherington, 49 Chief executive, IG Group IG Group's boss has seen his pay double to nearly £3million after overseeing record sales ad profits.

Ailing department store House of Fraser went into administration on Friday – but it was not to suffer the same fate as fallen High Street counterparts Toys R Us, Maplin or Poundworld.

A special committee set up by Tesla to examine Elon Musk’s plans to take the company private says it has yet to receive an offer.

Debenhams shares have been boosted by rumours Mike Ashley might merge it with rival House of Fraser.

A slump in earnings at Chilean copper miner Antofagasta tarnished the company’s shine, wiping £654.6million off its market value.

Royal Mailhas been fined a record £50million for breaking competition rules.

Wetherspoons will ditch more European suppliers within weeks as it prepares for Brexit.

30-year-old High Street chain Fat Face is still smiling, despite ongoing travails in the fast-changing retail sector.

The FTSE 100 closed down 113.77 points at 7497.87 and the pound was at $1.27 against the dollar.

Balfour Beatty has seen its profits quadruple from £12million to £50million for the six months to the end of June, it revealed today.

Stock markets in London and across Europe slumped into the red today after Turkey landed the latest blow in the global trade war by slapping tariffs on US imports.

The co-founder of messaging app WhatsApp who quit over privacy concerns is still turning up to work so he can collect more than £640million in stock awards.

China's largest social media and gaming firm has revealed a shock drop in profits following slow growth and a crackdown by regulators.

Construction companyBalfour Beattydid not build up quite the share price gains it might have hoped for, as it revealed soaring profits.

Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway has continued to build its stake in Apple, filings show.

The boss of the Financial Times has agreed to hand back some of his multi-million pound pay package after it sparked fury among the newspaper’s staff.

The US economy continues to roar with retail sales and productivity outpacing predictions.

America’s financial watchdog has sent a writ to Tesla regarding chief executive Elon Musk’s plan to take the company private.

The senior auditor overseeing BHS before it went bust bragged of his relationship with Sir Philip Green while failing to flag up major risks in the firm’s accounts, a damning report has found.

Profits have more than halved at the Australian company behind the botched takeover of DIY chain Homebase.

Russian aluminium producer EN+’s profits have nearly doubled to £800million, even as it battles US sanctions.

Homebase has bolstered its leadership team with two heavyweight DIY industry appointments as it gets started on an major turnaround under new ownership.

Struggling department store chain Debenhams has put hundreds of roles across its fashion and home departments into consultation, according to reports.

B&Q has seemingly rebounded from an icy first quarter, as an extended period of warm weather gave the DIY retailer's sales a lift.

Royal London has warned that 'sluggish economic growth' and the end of the roll-out of auto enrolment has hit pensions and investment groups.

The FTSE 100 closed up 58.51 points at 7556.38 as news of fresh trade talks between the US and China helped to calm investor sentiment.

Royal Bank of Scotland faces fresh embarrassment after it emerged its bankers joked about destroying America's housing market before the financial crisis.

Carlsberg is celebrating a successful summer thanks to theWorld Cup.

Trendy craft beer producer Brewdog has to pay £12,000 compensation to a former employee who was sacked after telling the company he was about to be declared legally blind.

Embattled military flares maker Chemring has won a £73million contract from the US department of defence to upgrade its mine detectors.

Steady growth Sales at Asda rose for the fifth consecutive quarter.

Homeowners cashing in their pensions to spruce up their patios have helped paving slab businessMarshallsexceed expectations.

Anglo-Australian miner Rio Tinto has hired bankers to sell its £4.7billion Canadian iron-ore operations, according to reports.

A tax consultant who fled the UK after masterminding a conspiracy to steal nearly £7million from construction workers has been jailed for nine years.

Shame bean counter PwC broke pension rules while advising Sir Philip Green on his company’s finances, according to a damning report.

A document published by House of Fraser administrators at EY has revealed that the retailer went bust owing unsecured creditors, including Prada, Armani and Diesel, £484million, before it was snapped up by Sports Direct.

Royal Bank of Scotland confirmed today that its chief financial officer Ewen Stevenson will step down at the end of September to take up a post at rival bankHSBC.

The summer heatwave saw paddling pools sell out and fans fly off the shelves at B&Q owner Kingfisher.

Estate agents could be next on the high street casualty list, as they grapple with a stagnating housing market and online rivals like Purplebricks moving onto their turf.

A well-connected oligarch who counts Tony Blair and Sir Elton John as friends has quietly snapped up a quarter of a London-listed oil firm he tried to buy seven years ago.

The bosses of Britain’s top housebuilders have cashed in £300million worth of shares between them over the past year.

Gem companies including De Beers have appointed a tech guru to run a digital ledger that ensures their sparklers are not fakes or blood diamonds.

Two major credit ratings agencies have downgraded Turkey, predicting the collapse in the currency will trigger a recession.

Bob Diamond, the former Barclays chief once dubbed the ‘unacceptable face of banking’, has come under attack from investor groups ahead of his new bank’s annual meeting.

Mulberry became the first House of Fraser concession partner to come clean on the cost of the department store chain's collapse today, admitting that its bottom line would be dented by around £3million.

Upmarket handbag maker Mulberry has warned that profits could take a £3million hit as a result of flagging UK sales, particularly in House of Fraser, where it operates 21 concessions and which is being restructured by new owner Sports Direct.

Britain's first cannabis investment vehicle has hired two senior board members, saying it believes the Government will change its attitude towards the class-B drug.

Retail veteran Rob Templeman has been parachuted in to help the fashion chain Jack Wills after one of its founders was ousted.

Greeceends its final Eurozone bailout programme today after receiving almost £270billion in support since 2010.

Debt-ridden estate agent Countrywide has decided to scrap a pay plan which could have handed its executives £20million in incentives.

Speculators have ramped up pressure on Tesla as the electric car maker deals with the fallout from a series of outbursts by bossElon Musk.

Game Digital said today that profits will remain challenged and full-year sales will edge down, despite hailing 'significant progress' on its mission to cut costs.

House of Fraser's flagship store on London's Oxford Street has been saved from the chop as Mike Ashley begins to put his plans for the chain into action.

A taxpayer-funded scheme has helped profits at Britain's biggest housebuilder soar to more than half a billion pounds in six months.

President Trump has turned on the man he picked to run the Federal Reserve, ripping into the central bank's decision to raise interest rates.

Shares in Hostelworldtumbled after it revealed that families shunned foreign summer holidays and soaked up the sun at home.

Plans to adapt roads for self-driving cars are moving forward.

Global miner BHP is paying out a record dividend as higher production pushed up sales and underlying profits.

App job Taxi business Uber has hired high-flyer Nelson Chai as its finance boss as it prepares to go public next year.

Angling Direct has reeled in a 56 per cent boost to revenues as it continues to open shops across the UK.

Pizza Hut’s UK business plunged to a £7million loss last year in the latest blow for the restaurant industry.

The trouble keeps piling up for estate agent empire Countrywide.

The wife of the Cranswick chairman Martin Davey has cashed in on more than half a million pounds worth of shares.

Love Island has encouraged men to buff up on their skincare regimes as moisturiser and eye cream flew off the shelves during the summer months.

Sainsbury’s boss Mike Coupe has been accused of taking his eye off the ball as the supermarket continues to lag behind its competitors amid a planned £14billion merger with Asda.

Fashion and homewares retailer Laura Ashley, known for its pretty florals and patterns, has fallen victim to the challenging UK retail market, in which shoppers are nervous about splashing out on expensive items like furniture.

The FTSE 100 closed up 8.54 points at 7574.24 and the pound was at $1.29 against the dollar.

Photobox Group, the owner of greeting card company Moonpig, has snapped up Dutch online gift retailer Greetz as it boosts its international operations.

Homebase is in a sorry state – frail after a much-vaunted takeover by Australian firm Wesfarmers ended, just two years later, in DIY disaster.

Debenhamshas hired the former finance boss of Domino's Pizza in a bid to turn around the fortunes of its balance sheet.

A housing boss whose ‘excessive’ pay triggered a huge shareholder revolt is one of the worst-value chief executives on the FTSE 100, it has been claimed.

The US stock market continued to charge ahead on its longest-ever bull run, stealing the limelight from the UK’s FTSE 100 yesterday.

Serial bankrupt Dominic Chappell knew BHS was insolvent when he bought it from retail tycoon Sir Philip Green, it has emerged.

The owner of Universal Studios says its bid for Sky has less than 1 per cent backing from shareholders so far, as investors wait to see if they can get a better price.

Plans for the world’s largest stock market float have been axed – dealing a major blow to the UK Government and the London Stock Exchange.

The price of coffee has hit its lowest level in decades as an oversupply of beans floods the world market.

Blue collar jobs are being squeezed as roads, railways and water bosses turn to high-end technology.

Shares swoopThe girlfriend of Mothercare chief executive Mark Newton-Jones has snapped up £50,000 of shares in the troubled retailer.

Iphone maker Apple is set to take over Shazam, a British app which allows users to use their phones to identify music they hear.

Laura Ashley has launched a battle to win over younger shoppers after profits were all but wiped out last year.

Ryanairhas reached an agreement with pilot union Fórsa following a lengthy dispute over conditions, base transfers, promotions and annual leave at the airline.

The FTSE 100 closed down 11.02 points at 7563.22 and the pound was at $1.28 against the dollar.

State-owned oil giant Saudi Aramco has denied reports it has axed plans to float 5 per cent of its business in a $1.6trillion deal.

Debenhams’ meagre share price nudged up last week amid speculation that acquisitive Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley could launch a takeover of the struggling chain as he builds a department store empire.

Accountancy giants such as  KPMG, PWC, Deloitte and EY, have spent a large amount of time on the naughty step of late due to claimed failings.

Shares in a South Korean casino operator tumbled this week after its Chinese owner went missing amid reports he has been detained.

FASHION FLOPClothes retailer Gap floundered after it revealed sales fell more than expected in the second quarter of the year.

Procter & Gamble is targeting millennials by launching soaps, air fresheners and detergents called LOL and WTF.

Three senior bosses are leaving crisis-hit TSB as it tries to recover from an IT fiasco.

Tesco has cleared its shelves of Tetley tea ranges as it ploughs ahead with promoting its own-label produce and trendier brands.

The super-wealthy’s enduring love for fast cars has helped double the bottom line at luxury dealership HR Owen.

Homebase has launched a desperate turnaround plan after almost three-quarters of its stores plunged into the red.

Housebuilders were on rocky foundations yesterday after poor mortgage data set investors’ alarm bells ringing.

Stepping into the latest tobacco store on London's Kensington High Street feels like entering some sort of futuristic science museum.

Stagecoach has come under fire for making it easier for bosses to be paid bonuses after it was stripped of the East Coast rail franchise by the Government.

French film production company StudioCanal was given a £22.1 million tax break by the UK Government to make hit children’s movie Paddington and its sequel Paddington 2, featuring Hugh Grant, accounts have revealed.

It is proving a good year for shareholders inForeign & Colonial,the country’s oldest investment trust.

A London-listed mining firm has staked a new claim in Zimbabwe’s Marange diamond fields, in a deal that could unlock £1.7 billion of gems.

The steam engine, the railways, the Forth Bridge, the Industrial Revolution – now we can count superfast broadband as ‘one of Britain’s great engineering achievements’, according to a BT executive in a claim that will outrage customers who despair of their internet speeds.

Britain's biggest banks have paid out £71 billion for misconduct in the decade since the financial crisis, a Mail on Sunday investigation reveals.

Bean counters face the prospect of a full-blown parliamentary inquiry in the wake of the collapse of builder Carillion and a host of other scandals.

Investors in electric car firm Tesla are braced for rocky trading today after boss Elon Musk abandoned a shock plan to take the firm private.

Landlords could sue Homebase as the DIY chain tries to slash rents by up to 90 per cent.

A row over copycat puffer jackets has erupted between Jack Wills and Superdry.

A tainted tax firm used by celebrities has been hit with a £50 million bill from HMRC.

BANK PAYOUTS The UK's four largest banks – Barclays, RBS, Lloyds and HSBC – have had to shell out £71 billion in fines, legal fees and compensation since the financial crisis.

Big technology, telecoms and banking firms that handle data for millions of customers fear Brexit will create a ‘digital wall’, cutting off the UK from the EU.

A share-trading frenzy could hand the Treasury a £4billion tax windfall, amid fears that a dangerous bubble is building.

Wall Street traders sent the Nasdaq and S&P 500 indexes to record highs following a new trade agreement between the US and Mexico.

Heathrow airport has blown more than £6bn in interest on its debts over the past 12 years, a Mail investigation has found.

Metro Bank has paid another £2.8m to a firm owned by its chairman's wife in a deal that casts doubt on its claim to be different to rivals.

A deal that would have ploughed millions of pounds into GKN's pension scheme has been put on hold by its asset-stripping owner Melrose.

Uber is shifting its focus away from cabs towards hire bikes and scooters.

Disgraced former Barclays boss Bob Diamond is facing a shareholder revolt at his investment company.

Internet estate agent Yopa has raised £20m in a funding round led by DMG Ventures, the corporate venture arm of Daily Mail and General Trust.

The accountant EY has brought in psychologists to gauge staff morale following industry scandals.

When Mike Ashley's Sports Direct snapped up House of Fraser earlier this month, the billionaire tycoon reversed the retailer's store closure plans and pledged to save 80 per cent of the 59-store estate.

The footsie, seemingly revived after a long weekend, jumped more than 0.7 per cent after the bell today to reach 7,634.

Shopkeepers are struggling to keep a lid on prices, a study has found, with the cost of products entering inflationary territory for the first time in five years.

The big four accountants will face fresh demands to clean up their act after posting bumper profits and paying partners thousands of pounds a day.

Ryanair shares were on the ascent yesterday as US activist investor Harris Associates revealed it had bought a 3.1 per cent stake in the budget airline.

Shares in Countrywide hit all-time lows as investors threw the crisis-hit estate agent a £140million lifeline.

Mike Ashley has warned hundreds of jobs at House of Fraser will be axed unless 'greedy' landlords back down in a row over rents.

Thousands of mis-selling victims seeking compensation from Wonga could be left with nothing if it goes bust.

Thefounder of London insurer Aspen will pocket £7.2million when his firm is bought by private equity firm Apollo.

NETWORK JOBFacebook’s top public relations executive is to leave the company for a role at video streaming giant Netflix.

Bunzl has made its first foray into the Norwegian market after snapping up a catering supplies firm, and said further takeovers are on the cards after logging an 8 per cent jump in profits.

Scandal hit Taylor Wimpey has suffered a blow after Barclays refused to offer mortgages at a flagship development because of fears over leaseholds.

A bid to lure younger customers has boosted sales at Tiffany’s.

A Bahamas-based trust which counts Ocado’s chief executive Tim Steiner as a beneficiary has sold almost £51million worth of shares in the online grocer.

Japanese carmaker Toyota is ploughing $500million (£387m) into Uber to help the taxi firm get ahead in the race to develop self-driving cars.

Accounting group Grant Thornton UK has been slapped with a £3million fine for 'misconduct' over its audits of Vimto-maker group Nichols and the University of Salford from 2010 to 2013.

British carmaker Aston Martin is targeting the super-rich with apartments, submarines and speedboats as it fights to join the FTSE 100 in a blockbuster £5bn stock market float.

Corporation receipts have soared since the rate was cut as Britain's booming businesses boost Treasury coffers.

Corrugated cardboard giant Smurfit Kappa is in hot water with the government of Venezuela.

The Duke of Westminster’s property firm has pledged to build 30,000 homes by 2023.

Apple boss Tim Cook is on course to be handed shares worth almost half a billion pounds in just four years.

Homebase owes more than £1bn to employees, landlords, suppliers and other creditors – but only has £151m spare to pay them if it goes bust.

Extreme weather ranging from the 'Beast of the East' to 'Furnace Friday' has rattled British retailers this year, with snow and ice disrupting deliveries in some parts of the UK and the heatwave keeping people out of shopping centres.

Embattled payday lender Wonga has stopped taking new loan applications, ramping up fears that it is on the brink of administration.

The creators of cult rock movie This is Spinal Tap have scored a legal win in a £308m battle over profits.

The US economy is growing at the fastest pace for four years in a major boost forDonald Trump.

The FTSE 100 closed 47.18 points, or 0.6 per cent lower at 7,516.03.

Vodafone's Australian operations will become part of a new group as an AUS$15billion (£8.4billion) merger with TPG Telecom was agreed today.

WPP insider Mark Read will be revealed as the advertising giant’s next boss as early as next week.

A high-interest lender set up by a billionaire dubbed a 'legal loan shark' is cashing in as hard-up customers flock to use its products.

Shopping centre owners have become the latest links in the retail chain to take a beating, as one investment bank published a brutal review of their prospects.

Recruitment firm Hays is to pay a special dividend following a rise in full-year profit.

Amazon shares have broken through $2,000 for the first time, closing the gap between the internet retailer and trillion-dollar tech rival Apple.

Vodafone has struck an £8.4 billion deal to merge its Australian operations with a rival and create a powerful new player.

The mood around shopping and spending improved last month, according to the GFK Consumer Confidence index, which shows a three-point rebound from -10 in July to -7 in August.

Internet lender Funding Circle is plotting to float on the stock market within the next fortnight, with a value of £1.5 billion.

Whitbread has struck a deal to sell Costa Coffee to Coca-Cola in a £3.9billion deal.

Homebase landlords have gifted the stricken DIY chain a much-needed lifeline and rescued it from the brink of collapse.

WAREHOUSE WOESStruggling department store chain House of Fraser has been forced to shut its warehouses again amid an ongoing dispute with its distribution operator XPO Logistics, according to Drapers magazine.

Lloyd's of London chief commercial officer Vincent Vandendael is leaving his job after nearly six years at the insurance market.

Unemployment in the crisis-torn eurozone has fallen to its lowest level since the financial crisis – but is still more than twice as high as in Brexit Britain.

Whitbread shares soared as investors welcomed plans to sell Costa Coffee to Coca-Cola for £3.9billion.

Wonga customers have been warned by the City watchdog that they must pay their loans back despite the lender going into administration.

Shares in Sage Group tumbled after the British tech firm announced that chief executive Stephen Kelly is stepping down.

High-end yoga wear specialist Lululemon has flaunted impressive sales figures, boosted by growth in its men’s business.

Advertising giant WPP has confirmed Mark Read will be its new chief executive, replacing the recently departed Sir Martin Sorrell.

Footasylum shares are in free-fall – down a huge 50 per cent in early trading to 44p – after the newly listed firm said its full-year sales and profits were set to disappoint.

The FTSE 100 closed 72.18 points higher at 7,504.60.

London's junior stock market AIM is set to return more than £1billion to investors in annual dividends for the first time ever.

The boss of passport maker De La Rue is fighting for his future as activist investors target 57 of Britain's biggest companies.

Edinburgh Woollen Mill has pulled all its concessions from House of Fraser after the department store was bought by Sports Direct tycoon Mike Ashley for £90m.

Hopes of a privatisation-style bonanza in South West Water are likely to be dashed as customers could receive as few as three shares per household.

Bubbly Whitbread boss Alison Brittain may have talked herself out of a job after sensationally flogging Costa Coffee to Coca-Cola.

Three Oxford-educated entrepreneurs in their 30s could make almost £70million between them when their online lending business floats in a deal expected to value it at around £2billion.

Royal Mail is splashing out £214million on a Canadian parcels firm as it boosts its presence outside of the UK.

A Mayfair hedge fund is at the front of the queue to be paid by collapsed Wonga as fears grow that thousands of its hard-up customers will get nothing.

An MP has warned Coca-Cola that any attempts to shy away from paying its fair share of tax in its £3.9billion takeover of Costa Coffee will not be tolerated.

Lord Monson has joined the board of Legendary Investments, which buys stakes in small firms with growth prospects.

Brexit pessimism at animal medications businessDechra Pharmaceuticalscaused investors to take flight yesterday.

LOGO HOPEDepartment store group Debenhams has unveiled a new logo for the first time in 20 years as part of a plan to get shoppers back in its stores.

UK households started to tighten the purse strings last month, bringing an end to the short-lived, heat-fuelled spending spree on UK High Streets.

The FTSE 100 closed down 0.6 per cent, or 46.74 points at 7,457.86.

City star Terry Smith has revealed plans for a new investment trust focused on global small and mid-sized companies.

Halfords delighted investors today by wheeling in a sales rise and maintaining its forecasts for the full-year.

WPP's new boss Mark Read said he would focus on returning the company to 'stronger, sustainable growth' as he unveiled his first set of results after his appointment to the top job yesterday.

Redrow has asked the Government for more clarity on the future of Help to Buy as it is worried the tax-payer funded loan scheme that has consistently helped it grow profits will be discontinued.

Department store chain Fenwick has made 408 job cuts – equivalent of 12 per cent of its work force – as part of a mission to cut costs by centralising its back office functions.

The founder of ‘legal loan shark’ Amigo is stepping down from its board amid growing criticism of the company’s methods.

Lego’s sales and profits continued to crumble despite demand for its Jurassic World and Bugatti sports car models.

The disgraced former boss of Lloyds Banking Group could make millions of pounds when fintech darling Funding Circle lists on the stock market in the coming weeks.

WPP’s boss has called for a radical overhaul of the group as he seeks to move on from the reign of founder Sir Martin Sorrell.

The US stock market welcomed its second trillion-dollar company yesterday, as Amazon broke through the valuation barrier that only Apple has crossed before.

Earlier this year Gaucho fell victim to tough trading conditions on UK High Streets, but there may be a light at the end of the tunnel for the collapsed Argentine steakhouse chain.

Wealthy foreigners have spent £2billion in the past year on high-end London property so they can be near their children at top private schools and universities.

Britain's biggest housebuilder is celebrating a record year after cashing in on the taxpayer-funded Help to Buy scheme.

PUB EXITThe finance director of pub chain Fuller, Smith & Turner has stepped down after 11 years.

The boss of John Lewis has unveiled a multi-million makeover of the department store chain – but her announcement was overshadowed by job cuts.

Housebuilder Berkeley has warned stamp duty is suffocating the London housing market as it saw a revolt over a £28million payout to its bosses.

Investors cheered as bookie William Hill made further gains in the US after the sports betting ban was lifted.

More than £60billion was wiped off the value of American technology titans last night after US lawmakers declared it was the end of the ‘Wild West’ for social media.

Fine art was the best-performing luxury investment over the last 12 months amid a surge of interest in Old Masters.

Womenswear retailer Quiz has said the demise of House of Fraser will cost it £400,000.

The chief executive at takeaway delivery firm Just Eat has been handed more than £2million worth of shares.

After a profit warning in May and the emergence of a huge data breach in June, investors will be relieved that Dixons Carphone had a relatively uneventful quarter and is on track to meet its full-year targets.

Bovis Homessaw its pre-tax profits surge by 41 per cent to £60.2million in the six months to 30 June, while sales rose 1 per cent to £432.2million.

The FTSE 100 closed down 64.32 points at 7318.96 and the pound was at $1.29 against the dollar.

The price of bitcoin, ripple, litecoin, ethereum and other cryptocurrencies are falling amid fears an increasing number of lenders and finance bodies are shunning them.

Shares in Yorkshire-based firm Sirius Minerals plummeted more than 15 per cent today after the miner revealed the escalating cost of getting its organic fertiliser mine up and running.

Beleaguered customers of cancelled and delayed Govia Thameslink Railway trains are in line for 'millions' of pounds worth of compensation after this year's shambolic timetable changes.

Shares tanked in fertiliser group Sirius Minerals after bosses said they needed up to £463m to finish its Yorkshire potash mine.

Sales at Dixons Carphone are languishing despite a surge in demand for flat-screen TVs during the World Cup.

One of Britain's best-paid female bosses has been hit by a backlash from shareholders over her £29m bonus.

Millions of workers are sleepwalking towards poverty in retirement despite record numbers paying into a pension, experts warn.

Banknote maker De La Rue, which lost the contract to create Britain's post-Brexit blue passports this year, is still in the crosshairs of activist investor Crystal Amber.

The man who signed off a £170m pay deal for fat cat bosses at Melrose was yesterday named the firm’s chairman.

Retirement housebuilder McCarthy & Stone has cut its profit forecast after a slowdown in sales.

Greene King shares jumped by over 11 per cent this morning after the brewer and pub operator said the World Cup and warm weather boosted sales over the summer.

Drinks group Chapel Down has secured a lease on 338 acres of vineyard land as demand for English sparkling wine soars.

Melrose Industriesposted a loss of £303million in the six months to 30 June, following its £8billion hostile takeover of British-based engineering firm GKN this year.

The FTSE 100 index closed down 41.26 points, or 0.6 per cent, at 7,277.70.

As much as £3.8 billion was wiped off the value of Tesla after two executives quit and boss Elon Musk was shown smoking what appeared to be marijuana on a live podcast.

Investors will be asked within days to decide whether Unilever should shift its legal base abroad – ending its decades-long status as a stalwart of London's blue-chip index.

Investors fled airline owner IAG after hackers stole the credit card details of hundreds of thousands of British Airways passengers.

He's the fabulously wealthy dealmaker with the gilded existence who very much does do God.

The former boss of an Australian insurance group has been named as Lloyd's of London's chief executive.

Higher profits at pub operator JD Wetherspoon could result in glasses being raised this week after the chain was given a lift by the summer heatwave.

The owner of Checkatrade has hired O2 high-flier Mike Fairman to run the website which puts homeowners in touch with tradesmen.

Lord Ashcroft has ploughed another £2.7 million into his English wine company after a vintage summer for growers in the UK.

The John Lewis Partnership may be forced to take a £50 million hit to profits after enduring an epidemic of price cuts over the summer.

The boss of the production company behind Peppa Pig faces a second shareholder revolt over fat-cat pay in two years – with his firm set to join a list of 16 facing shame for TWICE defying Theresa May's orders to curb boardroom excess.

A Canadian technology group is circling scandal-hit Telit Communications with a view to creating a £1 billion internet company.

Patricia Sancho, chief executive at the Duchess of Cambridge's favourite dressmaker Alice Temperley, has resigned her position at the fashion label for 'difficult family reasons'.

Lord Ashcroft has ploughed another £2.7 million into his English wine company after a vintage summer for growers in the UK.

The John Lewis Partnership may be forced to take a £50 million hit to profits after enduring an epidemic of price cuts over the summer.

The boss of the production company behind Peppa Pig faces a second shareholder revolt over fat-cat pay in two years – with his firm set to join a list of 16 facing shame for TWICE defying Theresa May's orders to curb boardroom excess.

Banknote maker De La Rue, which lost the contract to create Britain's post-Brexit blue passports this year, is still in the crosshairs of activist investor Crystal Amber.

City star Terry Smith has revealed plans for a new investment trust focused on global small and mid-sized companies.

After four months of gathering information, the competition watchdog has pushed the button on its probe into the proposed £13billion merger between Sainsbury’s and Walmart-owned Asda - the UK's second and third biggest supermarkets.

Higher profits at pub operator JD Wetherspoon could result in glasses being raised this week after the chain was given a lift by the summer heatwave.

A Canadian technology group is circling scandal-hit Telit Communications with a view to creating a £1 billion internet company.

The owner of Checkatrade has hired O2 high-flier Mike Fairman to run the website which puts homeowners in touch with tradesmen.

UK households started to tighten the purse strings last month, bringing an end to the short-lived, heat-fuelled spending spree on UK High Streets.

Patricia Sancho, chief executive at the Duchess of Cambridge's favourite dressmaker Alice Temperley, has resigned her position at the fashion label for 'difficult family reasons'.

He's the fabulously wealthy dealmaker with the gilded existence who very much does do God.

Investors will be asked within days to decide whether Unilever should shift its legal base abroad – ending its decades-long status as a stalwart of London's blue-chip index.

As much as £3.8 billion was wiped off the value of Tesla after two executives quit and boss Elon Musk was shown smoking what appeared to be marijuana on a live podcast.

Shares in Debenhams are down 14 per cent per cent today after it was revealed over the weekend that the troubled retailer has called in advisers at KPMG to help with its turnaround plans.

DELIVERY BOOMThe value of the market in subscription boxes, offering goods such as makeup by post, is set to hit £1 billion in just two years, Royal Mail said.

The UK's biggest funeral director has ramped up a price war with a pledge to undercut its rivals.

The next financial crisis will be triggered by sudden market crashes as robot trading systems malfunction and cause uncontrollable sell-offs, JP Morgan has warned.

Who is it?Go Compare, perhaps best known for its opera-singing adverts, is a price comparison site founded by mum Hayley Parsons at her kitchen table.

Millions of workers are sleepwalking towards poverty in retirement despite record numbers paying into a pension, experts warn.

The owner of bargain clothes chain Primark will open another million square feet of new store space across Europe next year despite worries that it will suffer from a volatile pound around Brexit.

The FTSE 100 closed up 1.60 points at 7279.30 and the pound was at $1.30 against the dollar.

A corporate high-flyer who gave up her job to look after her children has been appointed as Aston Martin's first female chairman.

Akzo Nobel has taken to the skies in a partnership with Brazilian aeroplane maker Embraer.

Debenhams was plunged into turmoil last night after £15.9m was wiped off its value and short-sellers swooped in to bet against the retailer.

Plastics company RPC Group got investors fired up as it confirmed it was in talks with two US private equity firms.

Volvo has pulled plans to list in Stockholm as the global trade war dents automotive stocks.

Sir Martin Sorrell is expected to return to the London Stock Exchange within weeks.

Network Rail is selling thousands of railway arches to two property groups for £1.5 billion – raising fears the small businesses which occupy them could be hit with steep rent hikes.

The FTSE 100 had a choppy day of trading, opening on a high note, then trading down over 0.6 per cent, to then recover to close 5.76 points down at 7,273.54.

Online sales at Nike have surged by almost a third after the company ran an advertising campaign featuring a controversial American football star.

American investment bank JP Morgan has warned that 4,000 jobs could be moved out of the UK, depending on the outcome of Brexit negotiations, and said it is now in 'full execution mode' of its plans for a 'worst case scenario' disorderly Brexit.

A shareholder revolt at Virgin Money will not be enough to stop its chief executive, Britain's highest-paid female banking boss, from pocketing £7.9m when she leaves.

Debenhams shares rebounded this morning after the group hit back at speculation over the weekend that it was preparing emergency plans to rescue the business.

BANK SCANDALDutch lender ING's chief finance officer has been forced to quit because of a money laundering scandal.

Victims of Wonga have been warned they face a long wait for compensation – if they get anything at all.

House prices in parts of the UK are lower than they were before the financial crisis a decade ago.

Unilever has just over a month to convince investors to back a controversial plan to scrap its UK legal headquarters.

A green energy fat cat has wasted £500,000 on a failed project run by her husband.

A decomissioned power plant has been bought by a regeneration firm with major plans for redevelopment.

Tesco is launching a budget supermarket next week to grab back sales from German rival discounters Lidl and Aldi.

Hurricanes have proved to be good news over the past year for equipment rental firm Ashtead.

SSE'schief executive, Alistair Phillips-Davies, had branded his company's performance in the first five months of this year as 'disappointing' and 'regrettable.'

The FTSE 100 closed up 39.82 points at 7313.36 and the pound was at $1.30 against the dollar.

The owner of the high street fast fashion firm Zara has reported soaring profits and record sales.

Housebuilding and construction groupGalliford Trysaid Help to Buy schemes and a cut in stamp duty for first time buyers helped boost its annual profits.

Policymakers at the Bank of England held the headline interest rate steady at 0.75 per cent today after last month's landmark hike.

The bosses of Britain's four biggest banks have pocketed almost £178m since the financial crisis struck – while average wages have fallen by £760 a year.

Morrisons looks set to be the 'kingmaker' in the £14bn merger of J Sainsbury and Asda as they are forced to offload stores to get the deal done.

The Royal Bank of Scotland has lost £130 billion since the financial crisis and will never give taxpayers back all their £46 billion bailout money, its chairman has admitted.

Shares in Rolls-Royce hit turbulence as a mid-flight problem with one of its latest jet engines forced an Airbus A350 into an emergency landing, sparking fears that design flaws may be more widespread than first thought.

Boom in demand from Chinese shoppers boosted profits at luxury handbag maker Hermes.

JD Wetherspoon is to replace a range of European spirits with cheaper products from the UK and non-EU countries this month.

Morrisonsis dishing out £91million to its shareholders after seeing sales in the second quarter rise to a nine-year high.

Retailer Dunelm has blamed management upheaval, a hit from its recent Worldstores acquisition and difficult trading conditions for its second year of falling profits.

The FTSE 100 closed down 31.79 points at 7281.57 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

British Airwayshas struck a deal to have £4.4billion worth of its historic pension liabilities insured by Legal and General.

The UK is pinching itself after the John Lewis Partnership - the UK's High Street darling - said its half-year profits crashed nearly 99 per cent to just £1.2million.

The World Cup football tournament helped gambling giantGVC Holdingsenjoy an 8 per cent rise in sales in the six months to 30 June.

Jewellery lovers aged under 40 are the biggest buyers of diamonds, according to the world’s top seller of the gems.

Morrisons heralded its best sales growth in almost a decade as customers flocked to snap up British produce.

Shares in Debenhams tanked after Mike Ashley, the billionaire owner of Sports Direct, dashed hopes that he is preparing a takeover bid.

NO CHANGEThe Bank of England has left interest rates on hold at 0.75 per cent.

The FTSE 100 ended the week on a positive note, closing up 0.3 per cent or 22.47 points at 7,304.04.

JD Wetherspoon's founder and chairman Tim Martin dampened the mood this Friday with a warning that costs at the 900-strong pub chain looked set to rise this year.

The Co-operative Group said its takeover of convenience store operator Nisa helped its profits jump 85 per cent in the first half.

PROFITS HIKEIts takeover of wholesaler Nisa helped the Co-op Group log a 10 per cent rise in sales to £5billion in the six months to July 7.

One of Britain's biggest and most ambitious civil engineering projects found an unlikely saviour in the form of Australia's richest woman yesterday.

British Steel plans to cut 400 jobs in the UK and other countries to secure a 'sustainable future', the company has announced.

Disgraced former RBS boss Fred ‘the shred’ Goodwin is enjoying a £17million pension – after ordinary savers’ retirement pots were wrecked in the financial crisis.

Peppa Pig owner Entertainment One has been hit by its second investor revolt in two years over the pay of its boss, who raked in £1.9million last year.

Sports Direct founder Mike Ashley has accused shareholders of stabbing him the back, triggering speculation that the billionaire may take the company private.

House purchases in London are showing green shoots of recovery, according to the latest Rightmove house price index.

A rogue trader behind one of the biggest losses in the City's history is making a last-ditch legal bid to avoid deportation to Ghana.

Thousands of jobs at Tesco are at risk as it prepares to swing the axe on swathes of stores and convert dozens into a discount chain.

ITV is plotting a bid for the £3bn Dutch production giant behind television hits Big Brother, Masterchef and Peaky Blinders.

Police are examining allegations by MPs that a £1 billionn fraud carried out at HBOS's Reading branch at the height of the financial crisis was covered up by bosses.

A major Unilever shareholder said it will vote against the company's proposal to shift its headquarters from the UK to Netherlands.

The FTSE 100 index closed down 1.94 points at 7,302.10.

Boohoo has appointed a top boss from Primark as its new chief executive as part of a management shake-up.

High street fashion retailer H&M said its efforts to compete with online rivals were beginning to pay off as it reported a better-than-expected rise in sales in the third quarter.

The former chairman and chief executive of Lloyds face a grilling by investigators over claims they covered up a massive fraud.

Jaguar Land Rover is cutting production at a key plant to just three days a week as it adjusts to falling demand.

The new boss of Boohoo is in line for a bonus of up to £50m after he was poached from rival Primark.

There is still some good money to be made from investing in supermarket groups, according to German investment bank Berenberg.

The toy maker will make a range of train and car sets in collaboration with Warner Bros franchises such as Harry Potter and DC Super Heroes.

The venerable department store chain Debenhams can trace its history back to 1778, when it opened a drapery in London's West End – selling fabrics, bonnets, gloves and parasols.

Elon Musk as admitted Tesla is in 'delivery hell' amid complaints from customers over delays.

Shares in British insurance broker Jardine Lloyd Thompson jumped 30 per cent after it announced it is being bought by Marsh & McLennan Company for £4.3billion.

The FTSE 100 closed down 1.87 points at 7300.23 and the pound was at $1.32 against the dollar.

Bosses of Australian retailer Wesfarmers were given pay-offs worth more than £500,000 each when they left following the business's disastrous takeover of Homebase.

Sirius Minerals has signed its biggest sales deal so far.

Ocado saw a slight slowdown in sales growth over the summer, but said it was still on track to meet its guidance for the year and to open 'a significant number' of new customer fulfillment centres - although it did not go into specifics.

Tesco has lost more of its market share to Aldi and Lidl as it prepares to launch a new discount store chain to counter the seemingly unstoppable rise of the German supermarkets in the UK.

BAE Systems has finalised a £5billion deal to sell 24 Typhoon fighter jets to Qatar.

TRADER REPRIEVERogue trader Kweku Adoboli has been granted a last-minute reprieve as he fights deportation to Ghana.

BHP's boss was paid £6.1million during 2017, up 14 per cent on the year before.

Spire Healthcare has blamed an ‘unprecedented’ drop in patients from the NHS for a slump in first half profits.

High flyers at insurance broker Jardine Lloyds Thompson will rake in £100million after it was bought by a US rival for nearly £5billion.

Valence Media, the company behind House of Cards has invested around £45million in Fulwell 73, the British independent company that produces Carpool Karaoke with James Corden.

A Canadian investor has emerged as the latest potential rescuer of a troubled nuclear power plant planned for Cumbria.

Shares in Zalando plunged more than 13 per cent as it issued its second profit warning in just over a month.

City stockbroking faces a major shake-up amid a string of deals and a wave of red tape.

More than 900 UK partners at PwC were paid an average £712,000 last year.

Tesco unveiled its discount chain Jack's today as the major supermarkets continue to lose market share to Lidl and Aldi.

Misgivings over a possible bid by ITV for Big Brother production firm Endemol Shine have given investors a headache.

Bitcoin and other online currencies are traded in a ‘Wild West’ market and watchdogs must intervene to stop investors losing everything, MPs claim.

The FTSE 100 closed up 30.89 points at 7331.12 and the pound was at $1.32 against the dollar.

B&Q owner Kingfisher has seen half-year profits plunge after suffering poor performance in its French arm as well as seeing a reduction in consumer spending in the UK.

Another major investor in Unilever is preparing to vote against the plot to axe its UK HQ amid a growing backlash.

ON TRACKEngineer Babcock said it is trading in line with expectations, months after cutting full-year sales targets.

A full-blown probe into the £14billion tie-up of Sainsbury’s and Asda has been launched after fears were raised over stores that overlap in hundreds of local areas.

A bidding war has erupted for Horlicks after it was put up for sale by owner Glaxosmithkline.

Miners rode to the rescue of the FTSE 100, lifting some of the gloom as trading rooms were gripped by fear of a potential escalation of hostilities between the US and China.

Serial chairman Peter Long has quit his job at Royal Mail after presiding over one of the biggest shareholder revolts in British corporate history.

Online lender Funding Circle is seeking a value of up to £1.8billion when it floats on the London Stock Exchange.

The children of troubled shoe seller Footasylum’s founder have earned almost £25m from its stock market float – despite profit warnings and a share price collapse.

Tainted beancounter KPMG has admitted failing to properly audit the books of banking firm BNY Mellon Group.

An energy supplier has shelled out nearly £680,000 to help compensate its customers for mis-selling and failing to provide annual statements.

Mike Ashley's High Street empire took another hit today as widening losses at clothing chain French Connection hit its shares by fell by 9 per cent.

The FTSE 100 index closed up 36.20 points at 7367.32 and the pound was at $1.32 against the dollar.

Global drinks titan Diageo has warned profits are expected to take a £45million hit due to currency fluctuations.

The pound slumped against the world's major currencies this afternoon as investors bet that the UK is set to crash out of the European Union without a deal after Theresa May revealed the extent of the 'impasse' at the Salzburg negotiations.

Ryanair boss Michael O’Leary hinted he will stand down as he fought off efforts to oust his chairman in the face of a shareholder revolt.

Alison Rose tipped to become the first female chief at RBS, is to lead a drive to help female entrepreneurs.

A charity set up by the founder of Unilever and run by bigwigs with strong ties to the company could be crucial in its decision to ditch Britain.

The two-year battle for Sky will reach a climax this weekend in a high-stakes showdown between 21st Century Fox and Comcast.

High Street beauty chain Boots is set to take its famous No7 make-up brand overseas to Chinese shoppers.

The debut collection from the newBurberrycreative director, unveiled this week, has failed to wow either the fashion or investment world.

Royal Mail is facing a backlash over its new chairman, given his role approving ‘disgraceful’ pay packets for top bosses.

Electric swoop French oil and gas giant Total has snapped up French electric car charging network G2mobility, giving it control of around 10,000 charging points amid rising demand for electric cars.

Satellite business Inmarsat has struck a deal with Japan’s Panasonic to provide in-flight broadband for commercial airlines.

Emboldened by the robust American economy and the continuing rally on Wall Street, President Trump is showing no mercy in his dealings with China.

British American Tobacco has confirmed that chief executive Nicandro Durante, 62, plans to retire after nearly 37 years with the company and eight years at the helm.

Shares in men's apparel firm Moss Bros plunged today after it warned investors that full-year profits would be 'materially lower' than expectations.

Tesco’s new discount chain 'Jack’s', which opened its doors to customers this week, was trumpeted as the supermarket’s answer to fast-growing, cut-price grocers Aldi and Lidl.

The FTSE 100 closed up 122.91 points at 7490.23 and the pound fell to $1.31 against the dollar.

The pound slumped against the world's major currencies this afternoon as investors bet that the UK is set to crash out of the European Union without a deal after Theresa May revealed the extent of the 'impasse' at the Salzburg negotiations.

Private investors have the power to scupper Unilever’s plan to ditch its London HQ.

Sky could fetch almost £30billion as a bidding war between two of the world’s biggest media titans reaches a dramatic climax today.

A miner run by Tory MP Sir Henry Bellingham has slashed salaries as it fights for survival - but promised bosses a share windfall if they turn the company around.

The investment bank at HSBC is appalling and run by incompetent managers, its staff claim.

The departing boss of Lloyd's of London said she wants another top job, as the insurance market posted a sharp fall in profits.

Eurozone dip Manufacturing in the eurozone is growing at its slowest rate in more than two years.

Takeaway firmJust Eatwas tossed aside by investors, as Uber made a move on its upmarket rival Deliveroo.

A cluster of powerful hedge funds stand to make a profit of more than £1billion from the sale of FTSE 100-listed broadcasting giant Sky after a bidding war sent the shares soaring.

The company that runs the London Vet Show could be about to change hands for up to £300million amid a frenzied year of buyouts in the events and exhibitions sector.

One of the Duchess of Cambridge's favourite fashion retailers is facing a shareholders' revolt this week over fears its founder could take control of a larger part of the business.

A controversial group set up by a fraudster to sue the Royal Bank of Scotland is facing a police probe following a 12-month Mail on Sunday investigation.

Controversial Ryanair boss Michael O'Leary held a secret meeting with his counterpart at British Airways owner IAG, sparking rumours he may be scouting for a heavy hitter to take over his job, a new book reveals.

Top shareholders in Unilever have raised fears that arcane powers may be used to swing a crucial vote to allow the company to shift its head office to Rotterdam.

Aldi and Lidl are preparing to dismantle the dominance of Britain’s biggest supermarkets within three years despite frenzied efforts to stop them.

Clothing chain Next will say on Tuesday it has weathered the high street turmoil better than rivals, some of which are fighting for survival.

Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley has agreed deals with landlords to rescue half the House of Fraser stores destined to be closed under plans hatched by its previous owner.

Hedge funds, advisers and thousands of ordinary shareholders are poring over the spoils from the £30billion take-over battle for Sky.

A supersonic hairdryer has helped boost Sir James Dyson’s ballooning fortune.

The departing boss of debit card payments processor Worldpay looks set to take the top job at BT.

The Footsie closed down 0.4 per cent, or 31.82 points at 7,458.41.

Thomas Cook shares slumped by almost a quarter today after the travel firm issued another profit warning, blaming the exceptional UK summer for a decline in trips abroad.

London-listed Randgold Resources and Canada's Barrick have agreed to merge in a deal that will create an $18.3billion (£14billion) gold mining giant.

Hotel chain Travelodge saw sales and profits rise in the first half thanks to an increasing number of business and ordinary travellers choosing budget accommodation.

Debenhams is gambling on gin-and-tonic bars, make-up tutorials and X Factor-style auditions to recruit staff in an attempt to overcome the crisis gripping the High Street.

The activist investor who whipped up a boardroom battle at the London Stock Exchange last year has quietly sold the bulk of his shares in the company.

SHOPPING DOOMAround 60 per cent of small business chiefs believe the High Street could disappear completely, according to research by Close Brothers Asset Finance.

Oil prices have surged to a four-year high after the world’s biggest producers decided not to increase supply – ignoring demands from President Trump.

Sky executives and management could scoop £384million when the business is sold to Universal Studios owner Comcast for £30billion.

The departing finance director of M&C Saatchi has sold thousands of pounds’ worth of shares in the advertising group to pay for his divorce.

The FTSE 100's largest gold miner is being sold to a Canadian rival in a £14billion mega-merger.

Total has announced a major gas discovery off the Scottish coast.

Two of France’s biggest supermarkets have locked horns over a mystery takeover.

Rihanna's make-up range boosted sales at Harvey Nichols last year.

One of the UK’s highest-paid female executives has sold £10.7million worth of shares.

Comcast, the US media giant which won a rare three-round auction for Sky over the weekend has bought 29 per cent of Sky's shares on the open market.

The FTSE 100 closed up 0.6 per cent, or 49.15 points at 7,507.56, boosted by energy and mining stocks like Royal Dutch Shell and BP, which rose as oil prices hit four-year highs.

Next appeased investors today with signs that it has turned a corner following a bitter period of falling sales and profits.

The high street blues has not spared budget card retailer Card Factory as its shares fell this morning after it blamed ‘challenging’ business conditions for falling sales and profits.

Swiss pharmaceutical company Novartis has announced it will close its pill making factory in Grimsby, Northern England, putting nearly 400 jobs at risk.

Retirement housebuilder McCarthy & Stone has taken the axe to jobs in a cost-cutting shake-up welcomed by investors.

Next is making less than half its revenues from its stores for the first time as customers swap the High Street for the internet.

Unilever has criticised its own shareholders for opposing the company’s plans to quit the UK.

British American Tobacco has named Jack Bowles chief executive.

AMERICAN HOMESEstate agent Purplebricks is pushing ahead with a division in Florida.

Glencore’s boss will bag a £90million pay-out tomorrow as the mining group dishes out the second half of a dividend.

Investors  are braced for a rush of mega-deals in the coming months as exuberance in the US stock market spills over into Britain.

The FTSE 100 closed up 3.93 points at 7511.49 and the pound was at $1.32 against the dollar.

Boohoo - the online retailer beloved of the stars of Love Island - has fashioned a record sales performance and claims there's more success to come.

Extreme weather and an 'epidemic' of potholes has been blamed by the AA for bringing breakdowns to a 15-year high and leaving the group's half-year profits significantly lower.

Model train maker Hornby has said it is still on track despite reporting its sales have missed expectations.

Glencore’s boss will bag a £90million pay-out tomorrow as the mining group dishes out the second half of a dividend.

Unilever's Paul Polman has been oddly silent on the firm's move to Rotterdam – no bad thing considering the Dutchman's propensity for ponderousness.

Media tycoon Rupert Murdoch is in line for a windfall from Comcast's £30bn takeover of Sky.

Sir Philip Hampton is quitting the board of miner Anglo American.

The sacked former boss of the AA has launched an extraordinary attack on the current management after £100million was wiped off the company’s value following a profit slump.

BEER CHEERBritain’s oldest pub company Shepherd Neame unveiled a profit boost after ending a contract with Japanese beer Asahi.

Lloyds blocked police efforts to interview a whistleblower over a massive bank fraud, it is claimed.

Investors have 30 days left to vote on a controversial plan from Unilever that would mean the consumer goods giant leaves the FTSE 100 index.

Turbulence at Thomas Cook brought an opportunity for its chairman this week, who bagged some cheaper shares after the price crashed following a profit warning.

The FTSE 100 closed up 33.95 points at 7545.44 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

Cut-price womenswear firm Bonmarche became the latest in a long line of retailers to bemoan 'challenging conditions' on the High Street today.

European holiday group Tui has confirmed it is still on track for a double-digit rise in annual earnings despite the summer long heatwave in the UK and Europe reducing demand.

Doubt has been cast over the viability of the proposed merger between Sainsbury's and Asda today as the competition watchdog revealed the extent of its concerns about the landmark £14billion deal.

Thousands of ordinary shareholders are being denied full voting rights in Unilever's battle to abandon the UK.

More than £9 million was wiped off the value of the budget womenswear chain Bonmarche after it warned that profits would be lower than previously expected.

The bailed-out owner of Natwest is hoping to shift a million customers on to a new mobile phone-only bank called Bo.

Investors cannot get enough of Peppa Pig.

A scheme which offers perks to customers of retirement firm Saga has signed up 850,000 members.

Mining veteran Peter Hambro has rejoined Russian gold miner Petropavlovsk after being ousted by shareholders last year.

England's biggest wine producer, Chapel Down, is planning to open a 5,000 sq ft gin bar and restaurant in central London.

The millionaire behind Amigo Loans has bought the Bestival and Camp Bestival music festivals, days after threatening to put them into administration.

Package holiday firm Tui shrugged off a long summer heatwave as it said full-year profits would rise by at least 10 per cent.

FRENCH MOVEBudget airline Ryanair is opening French bases, in Bordeaux and Marseille, to fly 3.5 million people a year on 27 new routes.

FTSE Russell, the group which organises market indices such as the FTSE 100, is to include China in major stock benchmarks, where it will be classed as an emerging market.

Investors wiped £343 million off trading firm IG Group after its boss quit unexpectedly amid a crackdown by watchdogs.

The FTSE 100 closed down 35.24 points at 7510.20 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

EasyJetclaims it has 'benefited' from Ryanair's flight cancellations and the collapse of Monarch Airlines and Air Berlin.

With fewer than 200 days to go until Brexit - in some shape or form - takes effect, there are signs that Britain's households are beginning to feel nervous.

It has been an eventful six months in the supermarket industry, as the sectors' second and third biggest players proposed a £14billion merger, and the market leader – Tesco - launched a new discount chain, Jack's.

Sir Martin Sorrell's quest to create a fresh digital marketing empire took a step forward today as his new business was re-admitted to the main market of the London Stock Exchange.

Unilever’s plan to scrap its British legal headquarters has been dealt a serious blow as Legal & General Investment Management – its sixth largest shareholder – said it would vote against the move.

BOOM AGAINBritain bounced back from an extremely sluggish start to the year as economic growth picked up to 0.4 per cent in the three months to June – although exports and business investment both slipped.

A war of words has broken out between one of the country's leading pollsters and a senior MP after hedge funds used secret surveys to cash in on the Brexit vote.

The Italian stock market has suffered its worst day for two years as investors baulked at the government’s plans to ramp up spending and borrow more money.

The founders of Funding Circle are sitting on a £200million fortune after the company listed on the stock market yesterday.

Public service outsourcer Serco was on the rise after releasing a surprise trading update to tell investors it had performed better than expected.

Shares in Tesla plunged 15 per cent last night, wiping about £6billion off the company as founder Elon Musk fought for his future following fraud charges.

Britain's biggest housebuilder has started testing its construction workers for illegal drugs amid rising fears about substance abuse.

Tesco's chief executive Dave Lewis is poised to unveil stellar profits this week – in a striking contrast to his main rival, Mike Coupe of Sainsbury's, whose plan to merge with Asda has received a major blow.

The family behind the River Island clothing chain has triggered one of its lowest dividend payments ever as a downturn in the retail market worsens.

A legal funding firm faces delay in its attempt to float as it is caught up in two big court battles.

Sports car maker Aston Martin is handing out free cash to staff so they can buy shares in its £5billion stock market float this week.

The TV production house behind Have I Got News For You has reported a fall in revenues and cut the dividend paid to its comedian founder and owner, Jimmy Mulville.

Music retailer HMV has grown its share of the UK market in vinyl and CDs to almost a third – eclipsing Britain's biggest four supermarkets combined.

When Comcast's highly paid bankers emerged from their bunker in Mayfair after their triumph in the epic bidding war for Sky, they looked more shell-shocked than elated.

Until this Friday, it is 'good money week' – a few days when the financial services industry gets together and encourages people to think about their finances from an ethical point of view.

Advertising chief Sir Martin Sorrell has slammed his old firm WPP for being close to negligent.

The owner of JCB has been paid £60 million after a record year at the digger maker.

The owners of motor racing circuit Silverstone are scrambling to agree a £13 million rescue deal.

Elon Musk has been forced to quit as Tesla's chairman to escape fraud charges over an incendiary tweet about taking the firm private.

The liquidators of collapsed luxury smartphone maker Vertu have auctioned off mobiles worth £1.8 million, alongside £55,000 of gemstones and £440,499 of gold.

Ordinary shareholders are racing to secure a fair say on Unilever's plans to quit Britain, as a vote on the move threatens to descend into farce.

Interest in the AIM junior stock market has surged in the past year as investors pile into its most successful firms, a study reveals.

Aldi is squaring up to the UK's 'Big Four' supermarkets with plans to add another 130 shops to its UK portfolio over the next two years.

Ryanair's share price fell to a two-year low in early trading today after the airline warned investors that its profits would be 12 per cent lower than expected.

The FTSE 100 closed down 14.53 points at 7495.67 and the pound was at $1.30 against the dollar.

The firm behind iconic bread brand Hovis is culling 100 jobs and cutting ties with three of its flour mills as it posts hefty full-year losses.

Iconic British car maker Aston Martin has had to trim down its pricing guidance on the shares to be issued in an upcoming stock market flotation.

Fund management giant Schroders has joined the chorus of disapproval on Unilever's move to scrap its UK headquarters.

Royal Mailhas issued a profit warning after it failed to meet cost-saving targets - and the share price plummeted as much as 20 per cent minutes afterwards.

The future of a London-listed gold mining company, which had one of its precious metals shipments seized last year over an employee pay row, is hanging in the balance.

Aldi has promised a fresh supermarket price war after Tesco vowed to be the 'cheapest in town' with its discount chain Jack's.

Nearly £860 million was wiped off Royal Mail’s value after its chief executive warned profits would be far lower than expected.

At first glance, there is nothing special about Churchill Court in Harrow.

Charlotte Twyning has joined the board of engineering turnaround group Melrose as an independent non-executive director.

SALES FATTENFood delivery group Deliveroo has reported another year of soaring sales, but losses also ballooned as the food delivery firm invested in expansion.

Tesla shares rose more than 17 per cent last night after co-founder Elon Musk settled with US authorities over fraud charges and stepped down as chairman.

Sofa and carpet retailer ScS stunned investors today with rising profits and sales, despite a cocktail of factors weighing on the firm in the last year.

Shares inRoyal Mailplunged another 10 per cent today to a record low after yesterday's shock profit warning wiped nearly £860million off the postal giant's value.

The FTSE 100 closed down 0.3 per cent, or 21.12 points at 7,474.55, and the pound was at $1.30 against the dollar.

Shares in Revolution Bars fell this morning after the bar and nightclub group blamed the weather and the World Cup for slumping to a full-year loss.

Italian borrowing costs have surged to their highest in more than four years as investors panic over the future of the country.

Stringfellows swung to a loss last year following a tough period that was 'made worse' by the death of founder Peter Stringfellow.

Unilever bosses have been branded ‘out of touch with shareholders’ amid growing opposition to plans to axe its British headquarters.

Royal Mail was last night accused of handing its current and former bosses huge rewards for failure after a shock profit warning sent shares crashing 25pc.

Tens of thousands of Amazon's British workers are to be handed a pay rise after it bowed to criticism over low wages.

WRONG JOBAlmost half of workers in the UK are in the wrong job based on their skill level, according to research by the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development.

Private members club owner Soho House saw revenues jump 23 per cent to £360.1million last year as it opened sites and added more members.

The collapse of 15-year-old Scandinavian airline Primera Air has sent its FTSE rivals into a downward spiral.

Shell has given the go-ahead for a £23.9billion project to sell gas from Canada around the world.

Tesco, Britain's  biggest supermarket, has seen its share price fall sharply despite delivering its best UK sales hike in more than a decade.

The FTSE 100 closed up 35.73 points at 7510.28 and the pound was at $1.30 against the dollar.

Shares inTopps Tilesare up over 11 per cent after the group posted its latest trading update.

Shares in Aston Martin went into reverse today as the stock fell 5 per cent after the prestige car firm made its £4.3billion stock market debut.

Tesco is the latest in a line of UK supermarkets to warn over the risk of fresh food rotting at the borders if the UK crashes out of the EU without a deal.

A mystery banker's wife has been ordered to explain how she can afford a luxury lifestyle which includes British property worth £22 million.

The new owners of Pret-A-Manger have begun to make their mark on the under-fire sandwich chain, with a management shake-up.

Comcast has raised £21 billion to help finance its blockbuster takeover of British broadcaster Sky.

The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) is set to bring in an independent judge to review parts of its long-running corruption probe into miner ENRC.

The chairman of £15 billion railway scheme Crossrail is reportedly standing down after the project was hit by delays.

More than £250 million was wiped off the value of online lender Funding Circle as it debuted on the stock market.

Shares in Aston Martin tumbled on their first day of trading in London as investors baulked at the value put on it by bankers.

There will be No Deal betweenITVand media company Endemol Shine.

Short-sellers who were betting against Royal Mail have netted millions of pounds after its shares plummeted.

The economy grew 0.4 per cent in the third quarter of 2018, an influential survey suggests.

Weapons-maker BAE has lifted the lid on its plans for the next battle tank for the British Army.

Tesco boss Dave Lewis declared his turnaround of the supermarket chain was bang on track as he stepped up his battle with Aldi and Lidl.

Profits at the UK arm of fast food chain McDonald's climbed 19 per cent to £341 million last year.

BRANSON DELIGHTSir Richard Branson has welcomed the first commercial flight – a Virgin Atlantic arrival at Gatwick – powered partly by a new form of biofuel made from industrial waste gases.

National Grid boss John Pettigrew was paid £3.5 million last year, down from £4.6 million over the previous year.

Under the leadership of Sir Terry Leahy, Tesco had a reputation for thinking ahead of the crowd.

Sofa chain DFS is far from sitting comfortably after posting its second consecutive year of falling profits.

Ted Baker'sbalance sheet took a hit after the group was forced to write off £600,000 owed to it by collapsed department store chain House of Fraser.

Regulators have givenClydesdale and Yorkshire Banking Groupthe green light to plough ahead with its £1.7billion takeover ofVirgin Money.

The FTSE 100 closed down 91.94 points at 7418.34 and the pound was at $1.30 against the dollar.

A top British financier is at the heart of the massive money laundering scandal engulfing Danske Bank.

Lloyds bank has been rapped by regulators for failing its customers in a new PPI scandal.

Billionaire property investor John Whittaker is planning a swoop on shopping centre owner Intu.

The two newest companies on the London Stock Exchange continued their downward slide yesterday, as investors sold stock in Funding Circle and Aston Martin.

Universal Studios owner Comcast has cemented its control of Sky, doing a £11.6billion deal with Rupert Murdoch.

John Lewis has come under fire for charging as much as £5.75 for delivering its gift cards.

TAKEOVER BACKEDLender CYBG, which owns Clydesdale and Yorkshire banks, has been given regulatory approval for its £1.7billion takeover of Virgin Money.

The City watchdog has been blasted for failing to protect workers from rogue advisers seeking to pocket vast fees from their pension pots.

Feared hedge fund Elliott paid its British staff an average of £1million each last year, as revenues jumped by a third.

Shares in Intu surged in early trading today after a consortium of investors confirmed it is mulling a multibillion-pound takeover of the shopping centre owner.

The FTSE 100 closed down 99.80 points at 7318.54 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

Shares in fashion retailer Quiz have plummeted after it warned that full year profits would be 25 per cent lower than expected.

US JOBSUnemployment in the US fell to 3.7 per cent in September – the lowest jobless rate since December 1969 – while the US economy created 134,000 jobs.

House prices have dipped for the second month in a row.

Tesla shares took a pounding yesterday after boss Elon Musk posted more ill-advised remarks criticising the regulator that had just fined him.

Bankers, lawyers and other advisers are set to rake in up to £57.5million in fees from Barrick’s takeover of Randgold Resources.

Shopping centre owner Intu saw its value rise by £550million after a billionaire property tycoon outlined plans for a takeover.

Food-maker Samworth Brothers saw profits nearly halve last year despite selling a record £1 billion of pies, pasties and other treats.

The hedge fund founded by pro-Brexit billionaire Sir Michael Hintze has dished out $130.8 million (£100.5 million) to its partners.

The Goodwood Estate raced ahead last year despite the departure of its chief executive Alex Williamson to preside over troubled department store House of Fraser.

Manolo Blahnik’s plans for a global empire appear to have tripped up after he expanded into men’s shoes.

Legal funding firm Vannin is moving ahead with its float despite a tough time for stock market offerings.

Interest rates could rise to 1 per cent in February as strong economic growth prompts the Bank of England to act before Britain exits the EU, economists are predicting.

Lloyds Banking Group is in talks to merge its £13billion wealth management arm in a joint venture with investment giant Schroders.

The City has again been named the most attractive market for newly listed companies in Europe.

Struggling retailer French Connection fashioned an incredible 45 per cent rise in its share price on Monday morning after it confirmed speculation that it is up for sale.

The FTSE 100 closed down 85.21 points at 7233.33 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

TSB enraged millions of customers when it botched an IT upgrade earlier this year.

Shares in newly listed Aston Martin have continued their downward slide on the carmaker's first full day of trading following a difficult week in which the company missed its targeted valuation.

Value retailer Matalan said its sales nudged up over the summer, with more people buying items at full price during the heatwave.

The head of the International Monetary Fund has defended holding a week-long conference in the luxury Indonesian resort of Bali.

Italian state borrowing costs have surged to a four-year high as investors panic over growing splits within the European Union.

Storm clouds are gathering over two of Britain’s leading car makers.

A grocery mastermind behind a massive overhaul at Tesco is jumping ship to join Marks & Spencer.

STAKE BOOSTHong Kong investor Nan Fung has bought a majority stake in central London property developer Endurance Land.

Packaging company RPC went into reverse as investors began to lose faith that its private equity suitors would make a bid.

Unilever faces a backlash over fat cat pay just days after it was forced to abandon plans to axe its British headquarters.

Despite volatile trading throughout this summer's heatwave, focaccia-style pizzas and a summer drinks range aided a rise in sales for bakery chain Greggs.

The boss of City heavyweight Aviva has stepped down after his decision to take up a position on the board of rival asset manager BlackRock angered some shareholders.

The FTSE 100 closed up 4.26 points at 7237.59 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

Retailers in the UK suffered their weakest sales for five months in September as shoppers tightened their purse strings amid heightened Brexit uncertainty.

It is 60 years since the British Overseas Airways Corporation – which would later become British Airways – launched the first ever passenger flight from London to New York.

Aviva’s boss was ruthlessly axed by his chairman after the board lost faith in his leadership.

Plans have been unveiled for a major development at London's Canary Wharf that could house 20,000 jobs in the technology and creative industries.

Shares in WPP stuttered after it lost a prestigious contract with Ford Motor Company.

TRADER BAILFormer City trader Kweku Adoboli, who gambled away £1.4bn in the UK’s biggest banking fraud, has been bailed from detention pending a decision over his deportation to Ghana.

Blazing sunshine throughout the summer has led to a bumper year for the UK's wine producers.

European banks could be forced to sell trillions of pounds of assets at a knockdown price following a no-deal Brexit.

Pitcher & Piano's parent company, Marston's, is raising a toast to record annual profits and sales after the heatwave and World Cup prompted a surge of pub-goers.

The FTSE 100 closed down 91.85 points at 7145.74 and the pound was at $1.32 against the dollar.

The deal to merge Big Six energy companies Npower and SSE's retail operations has been given the green light by the competition watchdog.

Business rates are holding back British industry and stifling investment, one of the country's largest car makers has warned.

Britain's high streets will be dominated by charity shops and betting shops unless business rates are overhauled, a senior Tory councillor has warned.

Stock markets across Europe plunged into the red again today after an International Monetary Fund warning on the global economy caused a massive sell-off of shares on both side of the Atlantic this week.

BANK REASSURANCEThe City watchdog, the Financial Conduct Authority, has set out plans to minimise disruption if Britain leaves the EU without a deal, giving temporary permission to Continental banks so they can carry on operating in London for up to three years without any changes.

Bullying and harassment cases at the Bank of England have jumped since Mark Carney took charge as Governor.

High street cafe chain Patisserie Valerie is fighting for survival after discovering a £20million black hole in its accounts and an unpaid tax bill.

Beauty business Deciem, which owns cult skincare brand The Ordinary, has descended into chaos after a shock announcement by its founder in which he alleged ‘major criminal activity at the firm’.

Online fashion business Sosandar’s sales are booming on the back of a growing social media profile.

Luxury goods are having a shabby time on the stock market.

WH Smith - the UK's longest running retail chain - has pushed the button on an overhaul of its under-pressure high street business after a year of declines.

The company behind the Jacamo, Simply Be and JD Williams brands has seen its share price fall by nearly 20 per cent this morning.

The FTSE 100 closed down 138.81 points at 7006.93 and the pound was at $1.32 against the dollar.

While for some a trip to Ikea is a joyful, meatball-filled adventure, for others it holds less appeal.

The owner of the ‘i’ newspaper has put itself up for sale in a last-ditch bid to tackle its £220million debt pile.

The competition watchdog is investigating British Airways and other airlines over fears about transatlantic flights.

Catering company Compass Group has poached the chief financial officer of B&Q’s struggling owner Kingfisher.

Apple has struck a £450million deal with a British chip maker to buy the power management technology at the heart of its iPhones.

MURDOCH DENIALElon Musk has quashed reports that 21st Century Fox boss James Murdoch could take over from him as chairman of Tesla.

Backers of James Bond’s favourite car maker Aston Martin will be feeling shaken and stirred after a rocky first week on the stock market concluded with a major investment bank advising them to sell.

Donald Trump locked horns with the US central bank last night as he blamed it for sending global stock markets into a tailspin.

The founders of Hargreaves Lansdown were more than £220million poorer last night after shares tumbled.

Fashion chain Coast has collapsed as the crisis gripping Britain’s High Street intensified – putting 300 jobs at risk.

Sky’s boss has been handed a near-£40million windfall following the takeover of the broadcaster by the US owner of Universal Studios.

Recent turbulence hasn’t deterred investors from piling money into two of the City’s heavyweight fund houses.

Wall Street banks have beaten expectations with a bumper crop of profits, in a fresh sign the US economy is booming.

LLOYDS DEALInvestment firm Blackrock has won the right to manage £30billion for Lloyds Bank.

Investors in scandal-hit cake company Patisserie Valerie are set to lose nine-tenths of their money after the company’s value plunged in a rescue deal.

Rolls-Royces were out in force at yesterday’s royal wedding.

Sports Direct has vowed to create the 'Harrods of the North' after clinching a £95million deal to buy Glasgow's Frasers building in a move that saves 800 jobs.

The Royal Bank of Scotland has paid out its first dividend since it was bailed out by the Government during the financial crisis 10 years ago.

A hedge fund run by one of Wall Street’s most closely-watched investors has bought a stake in BT.

The auditor of crisis-hit cafe chain Patisserie Valerie is facing an investigation by the industry watchdog.

Sir Richard Branson and Stagecoach founder Sir Brian Souter have shared a £52million payout from the West Coast Main Line railway.

Superdry shares crashed 22 per cent in early trading today after the global clothing firm warned that its annual profits would be £10million short.

British online estate agent Purplebricks has entered the continental European market after revealing it has taken a joint stake in its German counterpart Homeday.

ConvaTec shares plummeted on Monday after the company warned of a hit to profits at the same time as announcing the retirement of its chief executive.

The FTSE 100 closed up 33.31 points at 7029.22 and the pound was at $1.32 against the dollar.

Greencore, the FTSE 250 listed Irish food-to-go supplier, has sealed a deal to sell its entire US arm for £817million.

Claire's has become the latest High Street firm to show signs of distress as it considers swinging the axe on its hefty UK store estate.

The boss of tainted Grant Thornton has quit – just days after the firm was slammed for missing a £40million black hole at Patisserie Valerie.

Britain's top companies are handing bosses obscene rewards while turning a deaf ear to protests from shareholders, a Mail investigation reveals today.

Sears has filed for bankruptcy as it battles an onslaught from online rivals such as Amazon.

Superdry founder Julian Dunkerton lost £32million after a profit warning sent the fashion chain’s shares plunging.

Engineering group Babcock, which works on UK military aeroplanes and naval bases, has come under fire from a secretive research firm.

The boss of cafe chain Patisserie Valerie has quit his role on The Restaurant Group’s board as he grapples with the fallout of a massive accounting scandal.

PROFITS PLUNGEHigh-end grocer Booths posted a £5million loss in the year to March 31, compared with a £14.8million loss a year earlier, as sales fell by £5.3million to £258.1million.

The FTSE 100 closed 0.4 per cent, or 30.18 points higher at 7,059.40.

Bellway sold a record number of homes and saw profits rise last year, but warned of risks associated with Brexit as it launched a cost-cutting programme to boost margins.

Despite the media frenzy around Tesco's new discount chain, Jack's, the UK's biggest supermarket still lost market share to cut-price rivals Aldi and Lidl over the last three months.

A number of failings, including allowing a customer to gamble money stolen from a dogs home, has been cited as the reason Paddy Power Betfair has been fined £2.2million by the gambling watchdog.

John Lewis & Partners is going a cut above its department store rivals by introducing a new private, after-hours shopping service, as it strives to survive in a brutal retail market.

Shares in Merlin Entertainments, the company behind Alton Towers and Madame Tussauds, fell today after it blamed last year's terror attacks and the heatwave for a continued downturn in numbers of customers visiting some of its attractions.

John Lewis is launching a private out-of-hours shopping service for wealthy customers as it seeks to revive its fortunes.

Hundreds of thousands of small businesses will gain the right to challenge lenders over unfair treatment as part of changes proposed by the City watchdog.

TURBULENT DAYSSavers have slashed the amount they are handing to fund manager Blackrock amid turbulent markets.

Sliding sales at Legoland have sent shares in its parent Merlin Entertainments tumbling.

The new boss of Royal Mail paid no UK tax on a £5.8m 'golden hello' before he took the top job.

The finance chief of Jamie Oliver's business empire has resigned.

Online fashion retailer Asos has reported its third consecutive year of double-digit sales and profit growth, overcoming the cost of ongoing investment.

There were mixed results from the housebuilding sector today as Crest Nicholson warned over profits but Barratt Developments said it started its new financial year in 'a strong financial position'.

Online fashion firm Asos came out fighting today with its third consecutive year of double digit sales growth.

Airline Flybe lost more than a third of its market value today after it issued another profit warning, blaming higher fuel prices, a weaker pound and lower demand for flights.

Pearson looks set to get out of the teacher's bad books as it announced it is on track to return to profit growth this year, sending its shares soaring.

Historic toy store Hamleys has ousted its finance director after swinging to a loss last year.

Bosses of crisis-hit cake chain Patisserie Valerie could be hauled before parliament after a shock £40million black hole was uncovered in its accounts.

A Silicon Valley billionaire has accused rivals of hoarding money instead of using it to make the world a better place.

SWEDISH PALKen Howery, the co-founder of Paypal, has been named as Donald Trump's new ambassador to Sweden.

The businessman appointed to lead sinking angling company Fishing Republic has cancelled plans to join as boss, sparking fears the chain is headed for collapse.

Property entrepreneur Robert Tchenguiz has refused to say sorry to Grant Thornton over a multi-million pound lawsuit he abandoned earlier this week.

Defiant Unilever boss Paul Polman has defended a controversial attempt to move the company’s headquarters to the Netherlands, after the bid was sunk by a shareholder rebellion.

There was a tale of two housebuilders on the FTSE 350 as major developers disagreed over the state of the property market.

Games Workshop spooked investors today with an unscheduled trading update warning of 'uncertainties in the trading periods ahead'.

Domino's Pizzasaw its year-on-year sales rise over 6 per cent this summer, despite 'evident uncertainty' among customers and hot weather across Europe.

The FTSE 100 closed down 27.61 points at 7,026.99 and the pound has taken a slight tumble to just above $1.30 against the dollar.

Sales of food slowed to their lowest level for three years in September, new data from the Office for National Statistics reveals.

Punters placing bets on their mobiles during the World Cup helped boost business at Ladbrokes owner GVC.

Unilever sought to put rows over fat cat pay and its headquarters behind it as it posted a solid rise in sales.

BT NO-GOThe former boss of UK mobile network O2 has sought to dampen rumours he is in the running to be the next boss of BT.

Plans  to open more stores and buy back £25million of shares at Domino's Pizza Group have helped counteract cooling sales growth.

Hundreds of passengers have been left stranded after Chinese-backed Cypriot airline Cobalt crashed into administration.

Shares in shopping centre group Intu jumped more than 14 per cent on Friday after a consortium of investors, led by property mogul John Whittaker, upped its takeover bid.

The well-documented troubles gripping the UK's High Streets have brought a wide-spread malaise over the retail sector, with most retail stocks coming under pressure.

The footsie got off to a good start on Friday morning, surging 0.3 per cent to 7,047.96.

Shares in car dealer Pendragon plunged 20 per cent today after it issued a profit warning as sales and stock were hit by the launch of a new European Union (EU) vehicle emissions testing regime.

Property mogul John Whittaker has launched a £2.9bn takeover bid for one of Britain's biggest shopping centre groups.

The Italian banking sector was hit by a sharp sell-off and its debt costs surged amid fears of a massive row with the EU.

Successful poker play is all about the element of surprise.

The Chinese economy is growing at its slowest rate since the financial crisis.

The London Stock Exchange is buying £385m of British clearing house LCH in a vote of confidence for London after Brexit.

Shares in car dealer Pendragon careered off course after it warned that profits will be lower than previously expected.

Funding Circle sought to put its dismal start as a public company behind it as it revealed its loan book had ballooned 61 per cent by the end of September.

The Mail today launches a campaign to give thousands of savers who own shares online a fair say in company votes.

Former Camelot chief executive Dame Dianne Thompson has hit the jackpot, scooping £800,000 from her former company four years after she retired.

Struggling department store Debenhams is preparing a radical overhaul of its 200-year-old business that will include reviewing its store portfolio and slashing its dividend to zero.

Six months ago Britain's favourite posh coffee and cake shop Patisserie Valerie was flying.

Losses have increased six-fold at shirt retailer Thomas Pink, as the company feels the impact of an upcoming relaunch aimed at taking the brand further upmarket.

The owners of directory enquiries service 118 118 pocketed a £64million dividend last year, despite a tenth-consecutive fall in turnover at the telecoms firm.

New WPP boss Mark Read's baptism of fire is set to continue this week as he unveils disappointing figures to the City.

Michelin-starred TV chef Gordon Ramsay has registered a new trademark, prompting speculation he might be about to launch a chain of burger restaurants.

A third of FTSE-listed general retailers have issued profit warnings so far this year, according to research by EY highlighting the growing strain on the sector.

UK-owned firms are losing ground to foreign-owned companies which are twice as productive.

Make up and skincare fanatics splashed out £25billion on beauty products last year as the sector defied the High Street slump.

Debenhams is preparing to freeze payments to shareholders and axe up to a third of its stores in a desperate bid to revive its fortunes.

BAE Systems staff will attend this week's controversial 'Davos in the desert' in Saudi Arabia despite growing pressure over the alleged state-sponsored murder of a journalist.

FTSE 250 engineer Babcock is set to shut its Appledore shipyard in north Devon next month risking up to 200 jobs.

The blue chip index started the week on a positive note, but gains were eroded in the afternoon, closing down 7 points at 7,042.

Dr Martens' iconic heavy boots are still in style it seems as the British brand continues to stamp its authority across the globe.

Ryanair raked in an astonishing £1.1billion in six months in charges for extras, such as baggage, priority boarding and choosing seats, it revealed today.

Mobile phone operator O2 has put its £10billion stock market flotation on hold until after Brexit amid market uncertainty, it has been reported.

Prosecutors are seeking fresh fraud charges against Barclays over a controversial fundraising in Qatar.

Zara shrugged off the High Street gloom to post a jump in sales and profits last year.

Paddy Power Betfair's ex-boss has joined a fast-growing fintech firm.

Dr Martens profits soared by a third to £50 million last year as celebrity endorsements helped boost demand in America and Asia.

Glencore's boss will step down from the top job in three to five years.

SCREEN SCOOPCinema chain Vue has bought German rival Cinestar for £196 million.

A company director twice convicted of heroin possession was behind the sacking of a whistleblower at his oil exploration business.

A canny punt on a tiny window replacement company has made fund house Invesco close to £1 million in a day.

The UK's second-largest investment platform has bought a rival for £40 million.

The Footsie plummeted through 7,000 for the first time in six months as spooked investors around the world sold off shares.

Britain's biggest wealth manager St James’s Place has announced that assets under management topped £100billion despite growing uncertainty in the financial markets.

Whitbread has reported a small increase in profits as it prepares to focus on the growth of its Premier Inn hotel business after selling Costa Coffee for £3.9billion to Coca Cola in August.

Steep declines at DIY chain Wickes over the last three months have overshadowed an otherwise sturdy performance from parent company Travis Perkins.

London’s leading FTSE 100 share index slid sharply to a six-month low today as spooked investors around the world sold off shares.

One of Acacia Mining's senior managers in Tanzania has been charged by the country's anti-corruption agency.

Earnings at Iceland slumped by £4.6 million after distribution costs increased.

Persimmon faces mounting anger over the 'shoddy' quality of its work across the country.

Major investors in Patisserie Valerie are piling pressure on boss Luke Johnson to hand over control of an internal probe into a £40 million black hole in its accounts.

Whitbread is planning a major expansion of its hotels business after agreeing the £3.9 billion sale of Costa Coffee to Coca-Cola.

Blue-chip shares rose in London this morning after yesterday's falls and the FTSE 100 recovered back above the 7,000 mark.

The owner of DIY chain Wickes will carry on slashing costs after another quarter of falling sales at its shops.

Murder mysteries and a book about race boosted Bloomsbury sales.

Grocery companyOcadosuffered its heaviest one-day loss ever as more than £575 million was wiped off its market value.

McDonald's continued to see sales soar in the UK amid demand for its Happy Meals and Big Macs.

Trafford Centre owner Intu reported a slump in the value of its shopping centres amid a crisis gripping the retail sector.

Lloyds has joined forces with one of the City's most blue-blooded investment firms to target millions of middle-class savers.

Persimmon faces mounting anger over the 'shoddy' quality of its work across the country.

The blue chip index is in the green at the open, up 0.5 per cent, after an almighty 1.3 per cent crash on Tuesday, which sent the footsie to 7-month lows of 6,944.

Hundreds more High Street jobs have been put at risk today as burger chain Gourmet Burger Kitchen becomes the latest firm to embark on an emergency store closure plan.

Shares in Metro Bank fell over 13 per cent today as a squeeze on margins and competitive pressures in the mortgage market took the shine off a doubling of profit in the third quarter.

Barclays boss Jes Staley said 2018 was proving to be a 'year of delivery' as the lender's strategy starts to bear fruit.

BlackRock, the world's largest fund manager, will keep its biggest European operation and regional headquarters in Britain after Brexit, moving 'only very few' roles to expanded offices in the Netherlands and France, a memo to staff seen by Reuters showed.

The listed energy minnow Yü Group saw its shares plummet by 80 per cent today after it announced a punitive £10million hit from accounting irregularities.

The future of hundreds of staff at Gourmet Burger Kitchen (GBK) is in doubt as the fast-food chain plans store closures.

The financial watchdog is under pressure to launch an investigation into the parent company of Patisserie Valerie as the scandal engulfing the cafe chain deepens.

Heineken sales rose over the summer as the hot weather boosted demand for beer.

Tory peer Lord Leigh and veteran financier Jon Moulton have struck a deal which will see broker Finncap hit the London Stock Exchange.

GERMAN FALLRevenues at troubled German lender Deutsche Bank slipped to £5.5 billion in the three months to September 30, down 9 per cent on a year earlier.

Stobart Group will be forced to reveal a raft of sensitive information about the way it is run amid a bitter boardroom battle with its former boss.

The boss of Barclays is to meet feared corporate raider Ed Bramson for a second time this year as a battle looms over the future of the bank.

Traders wiped off more than £300 million from the value of Metro Bank after it warned of a squeeze from fierce competition in the mortgage market.

FTSE 100 stalwart WPP lost £2.17bn of its stock market value today after a profit warning sent its shares plunging by 17 per cent.

It's the most wonderful time of the year... unless you're in the retail industry, in which case, with two months until the big day, the pressure is starting to ramp up.

The finance boss ofLloyds Banking Grouphas unexpectedly announced his retirement from the company.

Debenhams shares took a tumble in early trading today after the department store chain posted statutory losses of £491.5million - the biggest in its 240-year history.

BThas hired Worldpay boss Philip Jansen as its new chief executive from 1 January 2019.

Aerospace giant Boeing's first production plant in Sheffield has been branded as 'hugely significant' for South Yorkshire, the North of England and the UK.

Debenhams' lowly share price rocketed by almost 20 per cent in early trading today, in spite of the firm crashing to a near £500million annual loss, the worst in its 240-year history.

Insurance groupHastingshas seen its share price fall over 10 per cent amid investor concern over its latest results and future prospects.

Sainsbury's is putting Oasis concessions in its supermarkets in a bid to grab a bigger slice of the fashion market.

Furniture company ScS is pulling its 27 concessions from House of Fraser stores after the Sports Direct tycoon Mike Ashley bought the department store for £90 million.

Shares in electric car maker Tesla jumped 8 per cent in early trading after it posted its first profit in two years.

Sky boss Jeremy Darroch will stay on at the UK broadcaster after its £30 billion takeover by Comcast.

The finance chief who steered the turnaround of Lloyds Banking Group announced his retirement as the lender reported a 7 per cent slide in profits.

Persimmon boss Jeff Fairburn is under fire from rivals amid growing anger over his £75 million bonus and complaints about the quality of homes.

A war of words has broken out between the former WPP boss Sir Martin Sorrell and the man who succeeded him over the advertising giant's 'car crash' performance.

The credit rating agency said B&M's purchase of French retailer Babou was a major risk because it was heavily funded by debt.

GOVERNOR HOPEA female governor of the Bank of England would be 'fantastic', MP Nicky Morgan said, as she acknowledged there are 'a lot of glass ceilings' still to be broken.

Rising competition caused insurerHastingsto take a dive, as it suffered its worst-ever day on the stock market.

BT has hired the boss of payments giant Worldpay as its next chief executive, with a lucrative pay package of more than £9 million.

Patisserie Valerie finance director Chris Marsh has resigned from the embattled cake chain with immediate effect.

The number of cars built in the UK fell almost 17 per cent last month compared to a year ago.

The blue chip index has taken another significant tumble in early trading today as global market volatility wages on.

A week of turmoil on global markets has resulted in more falls today as the FTSE 100 followed US and Asian indices with a dramatic slide in early trading on Friday, sinking to a level not seen for nearly two years.

The credit rating agency said B&M's purchase of French retailer Babou was a major risk because it was heavily funded by debt.

The FBI has launched a criminal probe into Tesla over whether it misled investors regarding the production of its Model 3 sedan cars.

Almost 2,500 jobs are at risk at Asda after it revealed it was looking at ways to slash costs.

British Airways owner IAG's profits have stalled as the airline group struggles to stay on top of soaring fuel costs and a fallout from cyber attacks.

Technology stocks tanked on Wall Street last night as stock markets around the world slammed into reverse.

The  boss of Persimmon is fighting for his job after he flounced out of a television interview when asked about his £75m bonus.

Millennials don’t know they’re born, do they?

Media giant Disney has sprinkled cinematic cheer ahead of the Budget tomorrow with news it spent more than £85 million in Britain filming festive fairytale The Nutcracker And The Four Realms.

Banks would face a £4 billion profits slump over the next two years under a no-deal Brexit, analysis reveals.

Five of America's biggest technology firms are depriving the Treasury of more than £1 billion a year by vastly understating how much money they make in the UK, an explosive new report claims.

Pimlico Plumbers recorded record sales over the summer in spite of it being one of the hottest in recent memory.

Philip Hammond should scrap the £3 billion apprenticeship levy on companies in tomorrow's Budget rather than tweak it, the boss of the UK's biggest recruiter has said.

The dismal stock market float of Funding Circle descended into farce last night as it emerged staff offloaded shares at the earliest opportunity.

Stockwatch takes a look at the shares in the news.

Patisserie Valerie bosses are set for a grilling this week as they face investors en masse for the first time since the cafe chain plunged into crisis.

Embattled WPP boss Mark Read came under renewed pressure last night as it emerged that his firm is at the centre of a controversial Saudi Arabian conference.

It's a name that for many people conjures up images of hikers consulting paper maps on windswept crags while navigating their way to the top of Snowdon.

For the chief executive of a bank that prides itself on plain speaking and exceptional customer service, Joe Gordon is surprisingly hard to understand.

Ryanair faces a shareholder plot to oust its chairman as anger grows over the handling of several high-profile debacles.

The City watchdog has warned of growing risks posed to Britain's economy by emerging markets.

The chairman of Sainsbury's has sought to reassure suppliers ahead of the supermarket's £14 billion tie-up with Asda.

Patisserie Valerie is facing calls for a boardroom clear-out, with potential buyers also circling the embattled café chain.

Stockbroker AJ Bell has revealed plans to hand staff £2m in shares when it goes public.

HSBC is leading the footsie higher this morning after reporting better-than-expected profits thanks to growth in current accounts, savings and in its wealth management division.

The company behind W7 Cosmetics, which recruited Love Island star Olivia Buckland as its new face for 2018, lost nearly half of its market value today after issuing a profit warning.

The new boss of BT took part in a notorious tax avoidance scheme used by celebrities and bankers to skip payments of £700m.

Shares in Just Eat slid after one broker's taste for the takeaway delivery company rapidly soured.

Warpaint London's founders are nursing losses of more than £35m after the cosmetics company became the latest victim of the crisis engulfing the High Street.

Profits at HSBC have jumped after it managed to tighten its grip on costs, putting wind in the sails of its chief executive's turnaround efforts.

Burberry is launching fashion lines through social media in a bid to woo young shoppers and shake off its traditional image.

Two greedy former oil executives who pocketed money from a dodgy business deal have been sentenced to 30 years in prison.

Business leaders welcomed a shot in the arm for the British economy last night after Philip Hammond unveiled a pro-enterprise Budget.

Online gambling firms will pay higher taxes to plug a shortfall in Treasury coffers caused by a clampdown on 'crack cocaine' betting machines.

Britain's 'jobs miracle' will continue as workers enjoy rising living standards over the next five years, Philip Hammond declared.

BP more than doubled profits in the third quarter thanks to rising oil prices, as it prepares to complete its biggest acquisition in 20 years tomorrow.

Plans to help people struggling to repay debt or access affordable credit have been welcomed.

Pension savers' money was 'recklessly' invested in eucalyptus farms and hotel rooms on an African island and car parking bays.

Reckitt Benckiser - the household goods giant behind Durex, Nurofen and Gaviscon - is nursing a 5 per cent fall in its share price today after it came clean on a £70million knock to sales.

Shares in WH Smith jumped 5 per cent in early trading today after the retailer unveiled a takeover that looks set to double its fast-growing international travel business.

To read on the This is Money app, click here

The Treasury has set a target of March 2024 by which to sell all of its remaining shares in Royal Bank of Scotland.

Shares in Restaurant Group, the owner of Frankie & Benny's, crashed today after the group announced it is to acquire Wagamama for £559million.

More than £2billion was wiped off the value of Reckitt Benckiser after the consumer goods giant revealed its Dutch factory had been hit by major disruption.

Pressure grew on Persimmon's boss Jeff Fairburn last night as MPs blasted the housebuilder's 'shoddy' treatment of customers.

ITALY WOESThe eurozone economy slowed sharply in the third quarter amid mounting concerns about the outlook in Italy.

Carpeting company Victoria, a rug supplier to the Queen, has plummeted for the second day in a row.

Facebook raked in revenues of £10.8billion in just three months over the summer.

Booming oil prices handed BP its best results in five years as profits more than doubled.

High Street stalwart Next saw its shares slide by 4 per cent in early trading today after it came clean on a ghoulish Autumn trading period.

To read on the This is Money app, click here

Santander UK's pre-tax profits fell by 13 per cent to £1.4billion in the nine months to 30 September.

William Hillhas seen its share price rise by nearly 10 per cent after splashing out £241million to buy Swedish-based online betting firm Mr Green & Co.

Shares inStandard Charteredare up over 4 per cent after the bank posted a 31 per cent rise in underlying third quarter profits.

Britain's biggest carmaker Jaguar Land Rover slumped to a £90million loss in the three months to 30 September, against a £385million profit a year earlier.

Taxes on wealth will cost households £100bn over the next six years in a huge windfall for the Treasury.

After suffering its worst month since August 2015, the FTSE 100 ended October on a positive note.

Online shopping at Next has continued to prop up revenues as gloom descended on Britain's high streets.

Britain's biggest car maker has launched a £2.5 billion turnaround plan after problems in all its major markets pushed it into the red.

Booming demand for Glaxosmithkline's new shingles vaccine boosted sales to more than £8 billion in just three months.

Patisserie Valerie boss Luke Johnson will today face angry shareholders in the wake of an accounting scandal that has rocked the cafe chain.

Skincare products and Chinese customers boosted sales at Estee Lauder by 8 per cent to £2.8 biilion in the three months to September 30.

Meat retailer Crawshaw is calling in administrators after failing to raise emergency funding to stay afloat – putting 600 jobs at risk.

To read on the This is Money app, click here

BT investors breathed a collective sigh of relief this morning, after the telecoms giant raised its full-year forecasts on the back of soaring profits in the first half of the year.

Embattled retailerCarpetrighthas admitted it is still struggling to draw in customers and secure sales.

The chairman of Patisserie Valerie has admitted the company was just 'three hours' away from going bankrupt before emergency funds were raised.

Anglo-Dutch oil giantRoyal Dutch Shellhas reported a surge in third quarter earnings amid rising oil prices.

Music streaming giant Spotify was hammered by investors after saying it was putting expansion before profits.

Two former Goldman Sachs bankers were last night charged in the US with laundering billions of dollars from a Malaysian state fund.

The retired founder of car insurer Admiral has invested £19million in the company's struggling US price comparison site.

Patisserie Valerie boss Luke Johnson has been lambasted by angry shareholders at a crunch meeting to save the stricken cafe chain from collapse.

Outgoing BT boss Gavin Patterson insisted the telecoms giant was back on its feet as he prepared to hand over the reins to his successor.

Apple last night revealed annual profits of nearly £46billion as it prepared to push a blockbuster line-up of products for Christmas.

MINING BONANZAShareholders in BHP Billiton were feeling flush as the mining giant promised to return £8billion to them.

Royal Dutch Shell booked £850million in revenue per day over the summer as it cashed in on rising oil prices.

Assurances from Carpetright that its turnaround is on track have done little to shore up investor confidence.

Three-year old floorings chain Tapi Carpets has laid off staff, as it is struck by the same torrid market conditions that hurt its rival Carpetright and other retailers.

Swedish furniture giant Ikea is sitting pretty in the UK as investment in new stores and improvements to its online offer are starting to pay off.

To read on the This is Money app, click here

Paddy Power Betfair's full-year profit forecasts have been upgraded after high stakes gamblers from New York splashed out $1.5million (£1.1million) a day, significantly boosting its US sales.

Tesla has finally received a court summons from the US financial watchdog related to production estimates for its Model 3 car.

Marks & Spencer's investors will have to wait a while longer to see the fruits of its recovery plan as analysts expect it to report 'deeply underwhelming' results next week.

Rona whoooooo?'

An investment banking veteran has been named Barclays' chairman to replace John McFarlane.

Public-sector workers bring home more on average than their private-sector counterparts and are likely to have better pensions, according to official figures.

British Airways' owner IAG has taken a bullish bet on post-Brexit Britain, promising to invest an extra £440m every year in the airline.

Mulberry is set to take a major hit this week as the crisis at House of Fraser claims another victim.

Barclays is under growing pressure after it emerged that incoming chairman Nigel Higgins has invested in tax avoidance schemes.

Profits at UK-listed firms have hit a record high – but business confidence about the future is at its lowest in nearly a decade.

Cafe Rouge has called in restructuring advisers as it prepares to go head-to-head with landlords in a bid to reduce its rent bill.

 To read on the This is Money app, click here

ITV boss Carolyn McCall is set to be reunited with former colleague Chris Kennedy as the group has appointed him as its new chief financial officer.

The world’s most famous investor sees little of value on the global stock market at the moment, it seems from his latest move.

Some 354 workers have lost their job at meat retailer Crawshaw as the company shut down 35 stores and one distribution centre.

A builder and his wife have hit the jackpot after investing in a North Sea oil firm whose shares have soared.

High Streets are facing a make-or-break Christmas as shoppers desert stores and flock online.

A power struggle has broken out at Airbus supplier Velocity Composites as founder and former boss Jon Bridges demands to be reinstated on the board.

Renewi's boss is leaving to join turnaround specialists Melrose, which controversially acquired British engineer GKN earlier this year.

ITV boss Dame Carolyn McCall has brought in a former ally as the broadcaster's finance chief.

The company building a fertiliser mine under the North York Moors national park has hired engineers to develop its port facilities.

TRAIN TERRORA runaway train operated by mining group BHP had to be derailed in Western Australia yesterday after it travelled 57 miles without a driver.

One of the world’s richest men is lining up a deal to buy a prime west London development in a major vote of confidence in Brexit Britain.

Lloyds Banking Group will cut around 6,240 jobs, while adding 8,240 new roles as part of a planned £3billion overhaul, the bank has confirmed.

Shares in supermarketMorrisonsare down over 3 per cent after the group's retail sales started to slow in the three months to 4 November.

Beyonce and her daughter Blue Ivy pose in matching floral dresses – in a ‘twinning’ trend which has proved a moneyspinner for high street giant Primark.

Online estate agencyPurplebrickshas reported a 20 per cent year-on-year sales increase across its UK operations in the last six months.

The Co-op Bank has returned to profit for the first time since being rocked by a drugs scandal involving its chairman.

A Lincolnshire crisp maker that vowed never to supply the UK’s big supermarkets has been sold to US food and drinks group Pepsico for more than £20million.

The former chief executive of the London Stock Exchange has joined pharmaceuticals company Verseon as a non-executive director.

British telecoms firms could be banned from using Chinese equipment as they build 5G networks amid spying fears.

The Government's gambling crackdown has disappointed investors in William Hill, as the company downgraded its full-year profit expectations.

EURO WOEIHS Markit’s index of activity in the eurozone, where scores above 50 show growth, fell to 53.1 in October, the weakest since September 2016, as trade tensions and political uncertainty start to bite.

Imperial Brands is planning fresh investment in its vaping products as customers increasingly ditch traditional cigarettes.

Around 570 jobs in the UK are under threat after a German manufacturer announced plans to close two sites amid 'uncertainty surrounding Brexit'.

Brian Roberts is far from the typical buccaneering media tycoon.

New Look is preparing to axe as many as 124 stores as sales continue to plunge.

Pub group JD Wetherspoon expects annual results to be weaker than the previous year, despite sales growing 'strongly'.

Shares inITVhave fallen over 5 per cent this morning, after the broadcaster admitted its advertising revenues have started to fall during the latter stages of the year.

The chairman of the John Lewis Partnership has announced he is stepping down from the group in 2020, and the search for his replacement has already begun.

Shares inG4Shave fallen over 17 per cent after the company warned it is not expecting any annual growth in profits.

OIL FUTUREReserves from the North Sea are sufficient to help sustain oil and gas production for at least the next 20 years, new figures indicate.

Netflix's product chief has vowed to press ahead with the streaming giant's global expansion – with a push into new foreign language content.

A turbulent day of trading for budget airline Wizz Air saw it swing from an 8 per cent loss to a rise of more than 8 per cent in the course of just a few hours.

Royal Mail has reshuffled its board and ousted the UK boss of post and parcels after a summer of turmoil.

The bosses of Britain's biggest builders have been paid more than £230million since the Help to Buy scheme was launched five years ago, the Mail can reveal.

Losses at handbag maker Mulberry rose in the first half of the year as it was hit by the House of Fraser crisis.

Redrow chairman and founder Steve Morgan is to step down from the housebuilder he set up in 1974.

The FTSE 100 closed up 23.40 points at 7140.68 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

Plans to build a new nuclear energy plant in Cumbria have been scrapped after Japan-based conglomerate Toshiba axed NuGen, the British unit behind the project.

Sainsbury'sclaims its balance sheet has been given a boost by the inclusion of Argos shops inside its stores.

Workers are being urged to go online and check how happy they are in a move that could boost the British economy.

AstraZenecaboss Pascal Soriot hailed a turning point as his firm reported rising sales of its drugs.

Sainsbury's has been criticised for letting standards slip as it revealed sluggish sales growth and plunging profits.

Accountants KPMG will stop doing consulting work for top British companies where it is the auditor to avoid conflicts of interest following a string of scandals.

Bombardier has refused to rule out job cuts in the UK as the aerospace firm announced plans to axe 5,000 roles.

Superdry is pinning its hopes on a run of colder weather to boost sales after a scorching summer.

A new children's craze known as 'Squishies' has helped High Street retailer The Works drive sales higher.

Burberry has shrugged off fears of a slowdown in China after selling out of a range of £290 T-shirts in the country within hours.

FULL THROTTLEOnline car marketplace Auto Trader has raised its full-year expectations, after what its boss called a ‘great’ first half.

The FTSE 100 closed down 35.34 at 7105.34 and the pound was at $1.30 against the dollar.

Social media influencers, the press, consumers and buyers have givenBurberry'srefreshed 'creative vision' the seal of approval, the high-end fashion retailer claims.

AO World has struck a 'game-changer' multi-million pound deal to acquire online phone retailer Mobile Phones Direct to boost its mobile supply offering before the introduction of the 5G network.

The merger between energy giants Npower and SSE could be left in a 'shambles' after the two firms announced they are re-negotiating the terms of their planned union.

A fifth of Gourmet Burger Kitchen’s branches are to close after creditors approved its restructuring plan yesterday.

Buying shares when they look cheap in the hope they’ll be worth more later may seem like one of the most basic tenets of investing.

Investors in a Chinese company are being showered with meat after the business ran out of money to repay them.

Breakdown service AA has tanked after brokers released a report on the company, criticising a hidden cheap policy which could 'cannibalise' its revenues.

Petrol stations have been encouraged to slash fuel prices after oil fell below $70 a barrel for the first time since April.

Vodafonefaces a battle to protect its £3.5billion dividend as it grapples with debts, costly network investments and price wars.

Some of Britain's biggest supermarkets have won a long-running £400million legal dispute over business rates paid on cash machines.

MISSING CASHMyanmar-focused social media app Mysquar, which is investigating accounting irregularities, has said £900,000 has gone missing from company funds.

Energy giants SSE and Npower could be forced to invest up to an extra £1 billion to seal their proposed merger.

A group of MPs have ramped up pressure on regulators to punish the directors of companies which collapse after accounting irregularities.

Fund manager Neil Woodford has dumped around £1.4billion worth of shares in the past six months to raise money as unhappy investors pull money from his underperforming funds.

LAST ORDERSCocktail chain Dirty Martini, which has bars in London, Manchester, Leeds and Cardiff, is for sale.

Engineering group Babcock has hit back at accusations by a secretive research firm, saying it continued to be in good financial health and in good relations with the UK Government, its largest customer.

Diageo is selling its Parrot Bay rum and another 18 drinks brands to US firm Sazerac in a $550million deal, as it continues to shift its focus towards its higher-end labels like Johnnie Walker whisky.

Marks & Spencer is overhauling its clothing range as it targets customers in their 50s who want to dress like they are in their 30s.

The amount of debt in the UK is set to rocket by almost a third to £6.7 trillion by 2023, taking it back to levels not seen since the financial crisis.

The former chief executive of Stobart Group yesterday denied claims he conspired against the company as the most explosive boardroom bust-up of the year went to trial at the High Court.

Babcock has hit back at 'false and malicious' claims made against it by a shadowy research firm.

The animation studio behind Wallace & Gromit is handing ownership of the business to its employees.

The Restaurant Group, owner of the Frankie & Benny's and Chiquito chains among others, plans to raise £315million through a discounted rights issue to fund its acquisition of Wagamama.

Diageo has sold 19 drinks brands to US rival Sazerac for £428m.

The husband and wife behind upmarket chocolate company Montezuma's are set for a multi-million pound pay-out after selling the firm to a private equity house.

Dignity shares plunged after a funeral price war took a toll on the company's profits.

Telecoms giantVodafonehas reported a £6.8billion loss for the six months to the end of September and frozen its dividend payment at 13p per share.

Premier Foods, the food giant behind Mr Kipling cakes and Bisto gravy, said it will start stockpiling ingredients to protect itself from possible delays at ports in the event of a no-deal Brexit.

Shares in Interserve slumped 20 per cent today on reports that the troubled outsourcer could be on the brink of collapse.

Interserve is braced for a make-or-break winter as investors fear for its finances.

Vodafone shares jumped after its chief executive vowed to slash costs and protect the £3.4billion dividend.

Budget retailer B&M left shareholders feeling glum as it revealed UK sales were flat in the six months to September.

Sainsbury's and Asda have blamed Aldi and Lidl for the loss of 'billions of pounds' in sales over the past five years as the supermarkets prepare to join forces in a £14billion merger.

TAX PAINSimply Be owner N Brown is braced for a £9million hit after a dispute with the taxman.

The FTSE 100 closed down 19.97 points at 7033.79 and the pound was at $1.30 against the dollar.

Budget UK-based airlineFlybehas put itself up for sale, weeks after issuing a profit warning.

The chairman of energy giantSSEhas branded the company's latest half-year results as 'disappointing and regrettable.'

Four further House of Fraser stores set within shopping centres are to close after negotiations over rental costs between new owner Mike Ashley and landlord Intu Properties failed.

On a see-saw day for the FTSE 100, the miners endured a difficult session.

A decade of super-low interest rates since the financial crisis has been devastating for savings and savers.

More than £17million was wiped off the value of Debenhams in its worst-ever daily decline.

Israeli tech billionaire Teddy Sagi has cashed in £23million of shares in Playtech, the gambling firm he founded in 1999.

Lloyds  Banking Group has been forced into a humiliating settlement with a whistleblower who claimed executives covered up a notorious fraud.

VALUE DIPSMeadowhall shopping centre owner British Land swung to a £42million loss in the six months to the end of September as the retail sector struggles.

Energy giant SSE says its planned merger with Npower may be off, claiming the Government's price cap on energy bills had thrown a spanner in the works.

Sir Martin Sorrell said his new advertising outfit S4 Capital is growing strongly and had snapped up work for brands such as Instagram and Tommy Hilfiger.

Royal Bank of Scotland has moved senior female banker Alison Rose into pole position to become its next chief executive.

Royal Mail'spre-tax profits have fallen from £77million £33million in the last six months, after the group failed to bring in cost cuts as quickly as anticipated.

Shares inBovis Homeshave fallen by nearly 10 per cent after the group warned that 'discretionary buyers' are being deterred by uncertainty surrounding Brexit.

The Bank of England has asked banking giants and City regulators to examine market turbulence in the wake of the Brexit deal crisis, a report claimed today.

Turbulence in the retail sector continued last month, with sales across the UK falling to a six-month low.

Budget airline Flybe last night said it had struck a sale and leaseback deal on a hangar as it struggles to keep flying.

Aston Martin shares tumbled seven per cent as its first results as a listed company disappointed investors despite soaring sales and profits.

Calls for Capita to be stripped of NHS contracts alarmed investors, who backed off after it revealed cancer screening service failures.

The head of George Soros's grant-making organisation has blasted Facebook over reports it tried to discredit opponents by linking them to the billionaire.

The boss of scandal-hit Patisserie Valerie has quit just weeks after a probe into alleged fraud was launched.

LOTTERY BONANZAThe chief executive at Camelot, Nigel Railton, has warned of economic uncertainty and competition as it posted a 5.4 per cent increase in first-half National Lottery ticket sales.

Supermarket Asda has boosted sales, welcoming 115,000 new customers through its doors.

Royal Mail boss Rico Back was forced to defend his bumper pay package as he revealed profits have more than halved at the struggling postal service.

Hugo Boss is seeking to revive fortunes by pushing into Asia and quadrupling its online business by 2022.

Housebuilding in England has hit its highest level since the financial crisis plunged the industry into crisis.

Rolls-Royce boss Warren East urged politicians to support Theresa May's Brexit plan as he revealed the engineering group is stockpiling parts in case the UK crashes out of the European Union.

Hedge funds are raking in millions of pounds betting against sterling and big UK companies as Brexit turmoil grips the markets.

Viewers of HBO's sharply observed comedy Silicon Valley will know that tech chiefs are curious, other-worldly creatures.

Royal Mail's annus horribilis continued yesterday as Credit Suisse cut its target price and joined other City banks in questioning the sustainability of the company's dividend amid a profits slump.

One of The Restaurant Group's leading shareholders has lashed out at critics and defended the firm's planned £559million purchase of Wagamama.

RBS has been dropped from a list of the world's most important banks – meaning it won't have to hold extra cash to protect itself against the risk of future collapse.

AstraZenecashares slid after one of its cancer treatments turned up disappointing results in a study.

British Airways has launched a legal battle with a US outsourcing giant that bosses blame for a £58 million IT meltdown which left tens of thousands of passengers stranded.

Hotel Chocolat bosses launched a passionate defence of their chairman last night amid concerns of a shareholder revolt.

City advisers will rake in £4.1 million in fees from the collapse of payday lender Wonga.

The boss of Stobart Group has been forced to admit he spent company money on a helicopter trip to Royal Ascot with his wife, despite previously accusing his predecessor of 'unnecessary and excessive' spending.

A row has broken out over the collapse of Johnston Press after its largest shareholder vowed to fight a sale to a New York hedge fund.

Shares in most Government contractors are too risky for private investors, an analysis of the industry has warned.

Tattooing the name of your company on yourself is a big call.

Crispin Odey is not used to being played at his own game.

Persimmon's new boss has spent the first of his £40 million winnings from the housebuilder's notorious bonus scheme on a pub.

American fashion group Urban Outfitters has defied Britain's high street gloom by reversing losses and increasing sales.

GlaxoSmithKline's technology chief has vowed to poach top talent from the likes of Google and Facebook as it overhauls its approach to discovering new drugs.

A US hedge fund boss has threatened to launch a coup against executives at transport company First Group, amid growing investor anger about its performance.

Unilever has struck a ten-year agreement for Colman's mustard production to continue in Norfolk.

Airbus has landed a major deal to build components in the UK for two European satellites.

To read on the This is Money app, click here

Debbie Crosbie has been appointed chief executive of TSB as the bank looks to move on from an IT debacle which caused trouble for thousands of customers.

Chairman row An investor showdown is looming at Petra Diamonds' AGM this week over the re-election of non-executive chairman Adonis Pouroulis.

Britain's best known fund manager Neil Woodford has denied being involved in a conspiracy to 'injure' infrastructure company Stobart Group.

TSB has poached a top female banker for its vacant chief executive post as it battles to recover from an IT meltdown that left its reputation in tatters.

Neil Woodford was dragged into a boardroom battle yesterday in yet another setback for the fund manager.

Babcock is battling to calm investors' fears about its finances following a dramatic slump in the share price.

Noel Edmonds will launch a £60m lawsuit against Lloyds tomorrow over claims it wrecked his firm.

AJ Bell is forging ahead with a float next month which will net its founder a £140m fortune.

Shares on Wall Street tanked last night as some of America's biggest tech companies took a hammering from investors.

A corporate raider targeting Barclays is expected to demand a seat on its board in the coming weeks – sparking a fight over its future.

The new owner of Johnston Press, who saved it after it fell into administration, has been accused of 'dumping' responsibility for staff pension schemes.

Shares in AO World sunk by more than 12 per cent in early trading today as weary investors shuddered at the cautious tone struck by the electricals firm.

To view on the This is Money app, click here

Patisserie Valerie's embattled parent group has been handed a financial lifeline by banks.

Shares in CYBG, the group that recently bought Virgin Money, fell more than 10 per cent after it swung to a full-year loss and warned of lower levels of business confidence due to Brexit.

The boss of no-frills airline Easyjet has said he is 'confident' that flights will not grind to a halt in a no-deal Brexit scenario following assurances from Brussels.

Profits at Bonmarche plunged 45 per cent in the last six months as the cut price womenswear chain faced ongoing tough conditions on the UK High Street.

A British company founded on technology breakthroughs from the Second World War is set to be snapped up by an American rival for £3.3billion.

Victoria's Secret has recruited the boss of luxury label Tory Burch to lead a turnaround amid falling sales.

America's technology titans have lost £800bn of their value in a brutal Wall Street sell-off.

The future of the UK's biggest car factory is in jeopardy after the shamed boss who fought for the plant looks likely to be ousted.

More than £700million was wiped off the value of addiction treatment company Indivior after a court ruling left investors feeling down in the dumps.

STARSHIP BLOOPERElon Musk has again renamed a rocket to be designed by his company Space X to carry humans to Mars.

The price of oil slumped 7 per cent last night to its lowest level in 11 months amid fears of a global economic slowdown.

Telecoms giantTalkTalkis shifting its headquarters from London to Salford, with hundreds of staff being relocated to the existing northern site.

To view on the This is Money app, click here

Shares in engineering groupBabcock Internationalare down over 8 per cent after the firm posted a 64 per cent drop in half-year profits.

DIY giant Kingfisher, the firm behind B&Q and Screwfix, has informed markets today of plans to dispose of its operations in Russia, Spain and Portugal.

Around 7,500 people are set to be axed from the payroll at Swedish furniture giant Ikea, with those working desk jobs likely to be the worst effected.

French-owned Renault has opted to keep Carlos Ghosn as its chief executive, despite his arrest in Japan on Monday.

Denise Coates, the boss of gambling firm Bet365, landed herself a pay packet of £265million last year, the company's latest accounts reveal.

The boss of Babcock came out fighting as £120million of write-downs sent its profits plunging.

The American ‘tech wreck’ wiped more than £80billion off the fortunes of Silicon Valley’s richest entrepreneurs.

Animal print dresses and leather jackets helped sales at online womenswear retailer Sosandar to soar more than 400 per cent.

Shares in Upper Crust owner SSP Group plunged after retail veteran Kate Swann revealed she is stepping down in May.

Bean-counter Grant Thornton is under investigation over its audit of the scandal-hit owner of Patisserie Valerie.

Demand for cleaner cars which filter harmful sooty pollutants out of exhaust fumes has helped chemicals business Johnson Matthey soar.

Nationwide Building Society suffered a 17 per cent fall in pre-tax profits during the first half of this year, the group's latest results reveal.

To view in the This is Money app, click here

Stricken retailer Mothercare blamed 'market uncertainty' and negative press coverage today for another six months of falling sales.

Majestic Wine admitted today that it is stockpiling wine, amid fears that a 'no deal' Brexit could lead to gridlock at ports and disrupt deliveries.

Over 370,000 customers ditched British Gas and moved to a different provider in the four months to the end of September.

The pound spiked today as British business got a boost from a major step forward in securing Britain's future trading relationship with the EU.

Toymaker Hornby has signalled to a brighter future today as its losses narrowed in the last six months.

Retail tycoon Mike Ashley demanded an audience with MPs as he slammed politicians and landlords for not doing enough to prop up the embattled High Street.

His is one of the most spectacular descents since Icarus.

IPHONE FEARSThe biggest assembler of Apple iPhones has warned of sluggish demand, becoming the fifth supplier to raise alarm bells.

Metals mining giant Fresnillo sent the FTSE 100 into a downward spiral, after analysts at Morgan Stanley sparked fear among investors.

Water company Severn Trent is set to hand its shareholders £123million in a dividend bonanza.

The  industry watchdog is probing Britain’s biggest bean-counters over 15 botched audits.

Almost £760million has been wiped off British Gas owner Centrica, adding to the woes of thousands of shareholders and piling fresh pressure on boss Iain Conn.

Royal Mail is facing more investor anger – this time over a £68million writedown of its American parcels businesses.

To view on the This is Money app, click here

Virgin Atlantic is in talks on a takeover of struggling budget airline Flybe.

Struggling government contractor Interserve has launched a search for fresh investment as it seeks to urgently tackle spiralling debts.

Motor giant Vauxhall is swinging the axe at its main car plant in Cheshire as it fires the starting gun on a restructuring plan.

Bitcoin and other online currencies that have seen nearly £550billion wiped off their value since the start of the year are facing their worst week ever.

With waxwork images of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle pensively looking on, the chief executive of Merlin Entertainments, Nick Varney, this week embraced the foreign exchange impact of a hard Brexit.

Oil prices last night crashed below $60 a barrel for the first time in more than a year amid growing fears of a global economic slowdown.

DEBS VOWSergio Bucher, the boss of Debenhams, has insisted his company is here to stay amid mounting concerns over its future.

Troubled outsourcerInterservewas back in the doghouse after admitting debt for the year will be higher than expected, and earnings from its waste-to-energy business will be lower than hoped.

Grant Thornton's ousted boss has lashed out at internal critics following her shock decision to quit.

It is seen by many as a gravy train for retired company bosses keen to feather their nests while doling out advice to busy executives.

Black Friday is seen by shoppers as a time to cash in on big discounts.

Asos has come under fire ahead of its annual shareholder meeting this week over a bonus it has agreed to pay a former boss.

Dairy Crest, whose stable of food brands includes Cathedral City cheese and Clover margarine, is among a string of firms interested in gobbling up custard and rice pudding maker Ambrosia after it was put up for sale earlier this month.

The astonishing £265million paid to Denise Coates, co-founder of Bet365, caused a major stir last week.

Stella McCartney has received a pay cut – albeit one that leaves her with a wage packet most of us would be delighted to have.

The health of the UK's biggest lenders will be revealed when the Bank of England publishes the results of its annual stress tests on Wednesday.

Small  banks are racing to get their bids in this week to win billions of pounds of business from Royal Bank of Scotland.

Former Nissan chairman Carlos Ghosn has denied financial misconduct allegations, including that he under-reported his pay, according to Japanese media.

Former Goldman Sachs boss Lloyd Blankfein has lost almost £60million in a stock price slump since he gave up control.

The woman who turned BTG into a diverse pharmaceuticals and life sciences company could bank up to £20million from its takeover.

Retail mogul Mike Ashley has reportedly threatened to shut 17 of his stores at shopping centres in a dispute with landlord Intu.

A challenger could soon be breathing down the neck of the Big Four accounting firms as BDO nears a merger with a smaller rival.

To read on the This is Money app, click here

Cake Box, an East London firm which makes egg-free, personalised spongy cakes, has bucked the high street gloom with growing sales and profits as it keeps opening up shops.

Hotel Chocolat shares were given a boost today after the retailer said its first store in Japan had opened 'with aplomb'.

Accountancy firm BDO has said it is in 'advanced talks' on a merger with rival Moore Stephens.

Norwegian oil and gas firm DNO has launched a hostile takeover bid for Faroe Petroleum, sending shares in the oil producer up by more than 25 per cent.

Black Friday turned 'bleak Friday' for bricks and mortar retailers this year as shoppers flocked online to pick up bargains.

A scout troop is among thousands of community groups and charities warned by Barclays that they no longer qualify for free banking.

Sir Philip Green is looking to substantially reduce his empire's footprint on the High Street.

Hotel Chocolat has opened its first shop in Japan as part of an international expansion.

General Motors is axing more than 14,000 jobs and closing factories amid growing fears of an economic slowdown and trade war.

Norway's oldest oil company has launched a hostile bid for London-listed rival Faroe Petroleum after a slump in the oil price hit shares across the industry.

Around £177m was wiped off the value of Melrose after reports its takeover of GKN may not be going to plan.

Budget airline Flybe has soared higher after more than a month in the doldrums.

A vaccine developed by GlaxoSmithKline could also be used to treat gonorrhoea and give a significant sales boost to the British pharmaceutical giant.

To read on the This is Money app, click here

Italy's stock market rallied yesterday as hopes grew that its coalition government will back down in a row with Brussels over spending plans.

Pets at Home has fired the starting gun on radical overhaul of its veterinary division that could lead to the disposal of up to 30 of its vet practices.

Shares inGreggsare up over 13 per cent after the baker boosted its full-year profit forecast and posted strong autumn sales figures.

Shares inThomas Cookhave fallen over 30 per cent after the group issued its second profit warning in two months.

Topps Tiles is stockpiling key products ahead of the UK's exit from the European Union as it prepares for possible supply disruption.

Investment platform AJ Bell is gearing up for its flotation on the London Stock Exchange and has published the price range for the new shares.

The wildfires ravaging Greece are thought to have triggered a surge in insurance claims from super-rich families with waterfront holiday homes.

Greeceends its final Eurozone bailout programme today after receiving almost £270billion in support since 2010.

Thomas Cook lost nearly a quarter of its value after it warned for the second time in two months that profits would be lower than expected.

De LA Rue has been warned it risks being snapped up by a foreign predator after losing the contract to make Britain’s post-Brexit blue passports.

Profits at Quiz dived after its flotation and the collapse of House Of Fraser cost it £1.4million.

TRUMP THREATShares in Apple fell after President Trump said he could hit iPhones made in China with 10 per cent tariffs.

Scandal-hit Patisserie Valerie is preparing to drop the auditing firm that oversaw its books before it was plunged into crisis.

The company that makes Christmas crackers for the Queen posted soaring sales amid strong demand for its products in America.

Former shipping executives have pleaded guilty to using bribery to secure and exploit a £16million contract linked to a North Sea oil exploration project.

Royal Mail looks likely to be shunted out of the FTSE 100 as its annus horribilis goes from bad to worse.

A West End landlord has called for 'root-and-branch reform' of business rates that are piling pressure on High Street shops.

To view in the This is Money app, click here

Online travel agentOn The Beachhas seen its share price rise nearly five per cent after posting strong sales and profit figures in its latest annual results.

London-focused property development firmTelford Homesis pressing ahead with its focus on the 'build-to-rent' market, after enjoying strong half-year sales and profits.

Credit data firmExperian'sproposed tie-up with rival Clearscore could hit competition in the sector, the UK's competition watchdog has warned.

Shares inThe Restaurant Grouphave fallen over 13 per cent after the firm's shareholders voted to snap up Wagamama for £559million.

Goldman Sachs could be forced to hand over more than £470million to Malaysian authorities over a corruption scandal at sovereign wealth fund 1MDB.

New Zealand has become the latest British ally to bar China's Huawei from upgrading its mobile networks over spying fears.

GOING UPThe US economy grew at an annual rate of 3.5 per cent in the third quarter, having expanded by 4.2 per centin the second quarter, bolstered by Donald Trump’s tax cuts which have supported household spending and investment.

Shares in The Restaurant Group fell after it won a shareholder vote on its takeover of Wagamama in the face of opposition from more than a third of investors.

Jeweller Tiffany & Co missed sales expectations after a slowdown in Chinese spending.

Thomas Cook could be broken up to revive its fortunes and eliminate its massive debt pile, it was claimed yesterday.

Unilever has emerged as the front runner in the race to buy Glaxosmithkline’s Horlicks malt drinks business.

High Street favourite Marks & Spencer is no longer flavour of the month with City analysts.

Shares in Intu Properties - the group behind Lakeside shopping centre and Manchester's Trafford Centre - plunged nearly 40 per cent after it was jilted for the second time this year.

The boss ofUnilever, who fought off a hostile takeover bid from US giant Kraft, is to retire from the goods company after serving more than 10 years at the top.

To view on the This is Money app, click here

Thomas Cookhas slumped to a £163million loss after tax in the last year, against a profit of around £9million a year ago.

If the no-deal Brexit that Britain is worrying about comes to pass,at least we should still be able to go to the pub.

Unilever boss Paul Polman is stepping down with an £11.7million goodbye package after ending his decade-long reign at the company behind Marmite and Dove soap.

MINING PROFITPlatinum producer Lonmin has made an annual pre-tax profit for the first time since 2013.

One of the most vicious High Court battles ever to grip the City drew to a close yesterday.

Donald Trump has threatened to raise tariffs on cars imported to the US after General Motors announced more than 14,000 job cuts and five factory closures.

Shares in the funeral firm Dignity took a dive as the competition watchdog announced it was considering a major probe into the industry.

Coca-cola has won regulatory approval in China for its £3.9billion purchase of Costa coffee from Whitbread.

Tech tycoon Mike Lynch has been charged with fraud in the US over the sale of his software company Autonomy to Hewlett-Packard in 2011.

Prime Minister Theresa May is nearing the half-way point in a two-week battle to get her Brexit transition deal through Parliament.

Peter Fankhauser's first job was working as an aerobics instructor.

A tycoon once dubbed the 'British Bill Gates' is clinging on to a string of tech jobs despite facing criminal charges in the US.

Shares in construction group Kier plummeted yesterday as it went cap-in-hand to investors for extra cash.

Competition bosses in Brussels are preparing to probe Vodafone's £16 billion takeover of a European cables network.

Debenhams is offering free parking to customers who spend £50 or more in-store in its latest bid to boost sales in the critical Christmas period.

Wealthier families and existing homeowners are among the biggest users of the Government's housing scheme aimed at helping first-time buyers.

One of the big fallers this week on AIM was oil explorerPetro Matad, which sank 57 per cent to 2.50p after its Wild Horse well in Mongolia failed to find any oil.

Luxury department store Fortnum & Mason shrugged off fears for the High Street to post a jump in sales and profits.

One of The Restaurant Group's biggest investors has raised further concerns about its £559m purchase of the Wagamama chain.

Prospects for Britain's factories have deteriorated amid growing economic and political uncertainty.

Ted Baker is expected to post disappointing sales this week as it gears up for the critical festive period.

Royal Mail is set to be ejected from the FTSE 100 this week – just nine months after it clawed its way back into the blue-chip index.

Southern Water will plough £50m into its pension scheme following an investigation by the regulator.

McColl'sshares slumped by nearly a quarter this morning after the convenience store retailer said profits would be lower than expected due to disruption caused by the collapse of supplier Palmer & Harvey.

The perennial stock market Santa Rally appeared to start on cue today, as the FTSE 100 shot up this morning.

Consumer goods giant Unilever has agreed to buy Galxosmithkline’s Horlicks malt drinks business for €3.3billion (£2.94billion), fighting off competition from Coca Cola and Swiss giant Nestle.

The boss of Glencore's copper division is leaving after more than two decades at the firm.

Convenience store chain McColl's Retail Group has plummeted after issuing its second profit warning of the year.

Glaxosmithkline is buying an American cancer specialist for £4billion as boss Emma Walmsley seeks to rebuild its pharmaceuticals business.

Shares in troubled Thomas Cook crashed again amid fears over its £389million debt mountain.

Merete Cox, the wife of Hays' boss Alistair Cox, at left, has made more than £1.7million from selling shares in the recruitment firm.

Finance firms paid a record £75billion of tax in the year to March – underscoring the industry's vital role in the economy.

Growth in Britain’s manufacturing sector is outpacing every other major European nation as the Continent is gripped by a slowdown.

The boss of Ted Baker was around £43million poorer last night after allegations of inappropriate behaviour towards staff sent shares tumbling.

China's Huawei is likely to face further restrictions on its work in the UK amid concerns Beijing could 'press a button and turn off' critical digital infrastructure, a cyber-security expert has warned.

Traders wiped £192million off RPC after one of its suitors pulled out of a battle to buy the packaging firm.

QUITTING OPECQatar is pulling out of the Opec oil producing alliance as it focuses on natural gas production following a blockade by neighbouring countries.

Wickes owner Travis Perkins is to make cost cuts and offload its heating and plumbing business as it seeks to streamline the business.

Travis Perkins is to put its plumbing and heating division up for sale and cut costs further as it looks to shifts its focus to trade customers instead of DIY.

Go-Ahead group will not be stripped of its Govia Thameslink franchise, but will have to fork out £15million for service improvements and will make no profit this year after May’s disastrous timetable changes, the Government said today.

Thomas Cook shares fell another 15 per cent today, making the holiday company the biggest faller on the FTSE 250 and putting it at risk of dropping out of the index.

Thomas Cook's chief executive has ruled out using a rights issue to raise money for the travel firm's growing debt pile.

Jonathan Howell has been appointed finance chief of Sage.

A management training firm set up by friends of David Cameron is cashing in on the wave of #MeToo protests against sexual harassment.

PAY RAGELate and unfair payments by big businesses are hurting small companies and the economy, MPs on the Business Select Committee warned.

Online trading platform IG Group warned of falling customer numbers and sliding sales as it grapples with European regulations on spread-betting.

The American owner of the outdoor clothing brand North Face has chosen London as the base for its new European headquarters.

Banks are looking to move branches into shopping centres because of a lack of footfall on High Streets.

Some of Britain's largest companies are today named and shamed as repeat offenders for ignoring shareholder concerns over fat-cat pay.

Families looking to boost their Christmas spending should consider a cashback credit card.

The London stock market dived into the red this morning after shares in the US and Asia plunged overnight on fears that the US-China trade war would reignite.

Under-fire Mike Lynch has quit his post as a director at cyber-security company Darktrace.

First it was a mere 'peanut'.

BT has lost another legal battle to cut payouts for thousands of pensioners, dealing a blow to the company's plans to shrink the black hole in its retirement fund.

Patisserie Valerie's parent company has hired a former boss of a veterinary firm as its new interim chief financial officer.

To view on the This is Money app, click here

Rare disease focused UK-listed drug firmShireis a step closer to being snapped up by Japanese pharmaceutical giant Takeda Pharmaceutical in a £46billion deal.

Growth in Britain's services sector fell to the lowest level since just after the Brexit vote in the summer of 2016, new figures reveal.

British fashion brand Joules said today it is setting up a new EU distribution hub and ordering products early as part of contingency plans for a potential hard Brexit.

Patisserie Valerie has hired a new interim finance chief after the arrest of his predecessor in an alleged accounting scandal.

A British businessman at the centre of India's £525m 'Choppergate' corruption scandal has been extradited to the country.

The board of Ted Baker was branded 'weak' as the chairman insisted an investigation into harassment complaints against its chief executive would be 'impartial'.

Partners at the UK arm of auditor KPMG pocketed an average pay rise of £82,000, despite a string of scandals.

The chairman of beleaguered Thomas Cook snapped up 373,000 shares for under 21.5p each – a day before the price soared 50 per cent.

BT is removing kit made by Chinese firm Huawei from its network amid fears of spying.

Shares in Stagecoach have motored higher after the transport firm revealed its struggling US arm is on the block.

Glencore has been dragged into another corruption probe after Brazilian authorities accused it of paying bribes to employees at a state-owned oil company.

Click here to view on the This is Money app >>>

Middle-class fashion firm Joules has shrugged off High Street gloom to post a 14 per cent jump in revenues.

The FTSE 100 index plunged 218 points today to its lowest level since July 2016 - and back below the dotcom boom peak - as fears of a trade war stoked turmoil.

Thames Water's profits slumped by over 60 per cent in the last six months, as 'extreme' weather pushed up costs and penalties took their toll.

Specialist London-based insurance groupBeazleyhas revealed that the recent wildfires in California will cost the firm around £35.1million ($40million) in claims.

It has been a harrowing week for retail's once shining star Ted Baker and a trading update today did little to reassure fretting investors.

The FTSE 100 index plunged 218 points today to its lowest level since July 2016 - and back below the dotcom boom peak - as fears of a trade war stoked turmoil.

The Serious Fraud Office was facing questions over its future last night after two former Tesco executives were cleared of a £250million fraud and false accounting.

DRUGS BOOSTAmerican data science firm Iqvia is to invest £44million over five years in British research projects and services that speed up drug trials.

Disgraced cycling star Lance Armstrong has revealed an early investment in taxi app Uber saved his family from financial ruin.

More than £56billion has been wiped off the value of Britain's biggest listed companies as UK stock markets suffered their worst day of trading since the Brexit vote.

Thames Water is losing a staggering 150m gallons of water a day through leaks – enough to fill 227 Olympic swimming pools.

Fishing Republic last night filed for administration after failing to drum up enough cash from investors to stave off collapse.

The Blue Planet effect, which has seen companies and consumers ditch plastics after Sir David Attenborough’s shocking BBC documentary, is rippling into the FTSE 250.

Business leaders who jet around on private aircraft face being grounded as costly new regulations bite.

British property developer Berkeley announced an upgrade of at least 5 per cent in its yearly profit guidance following a slowdown in the London and South East housing market.

Shares in AJ Bell soared by more than 33 per cent today as investors snapped up the online investing platform's shares on their stock market launch.

Click here to read on the This is Money app

Primark owner Associated British Foods (ABF) struck fear into the retail industry today with an admission that trading is 'challenging' in the run-up to Christmas.

It's not all gloom on the High Street.

Fantasy games maker Games Workshop has reported a healthy 13 per cent rise in sales following the success of its Warhammer brand in the first half of its financial year.

The UK markets watchdog is planning to introduce tougher rules on retail trading which would permanently ban the sale, marketing and distribution of binary options to consumers.

Financial advisers are offering inappropriate advice to people tempted to 'cash in' their final salary pensions, the City watchdog has warned.

Primark sent a chill through the High Street after it warned of a challenging market in the run-up to Christmas.

London is no longer the prime location for housebuilder Berkeley Group, which warned of a 'lack of urgency' in the capital's property market.

The boss of trading firm AJ Bell became £62m richer in a matter of hours as shares surged on its market debut.

Oil prices surged after the world's biggest producers agreed to cut their output by 1.2m barrels a day.

A building boss forced out of his job over a toxic bonus scheme has handed his wife shares worth nearly £10m.

What was it the gospels warned us about false prophets?

Troubled bank TSB wants to buy rivals and upgrade their computer systems, its owners have said.

Profits at Luke Johnson’s artisan bakery were nearly wiped out last year, delivering another blow to the embattled entrepreneur as he fights to fix the mess at his Patisserie Valerie chain.

Ted Baker faces another week of turmoil after founder Ray Kelvin took a leave of absence over more 'serious allegations' about his behaviour with employees.

The boss of Ford's European business has warned a no-deal Brexit would be a 'catastrophe'.

Click here to view on the This Is Money app >>>

Interserve shares crashed by more than 70 per cent first thing this morning after it confirmed a major debt restructuring that could result in ‘material dilution’ for shareholders, and creditors taking control of the company.

Hollywood Bowl has announced a special dividend for the second consecutive year as it booked record profits and revenues.

Ted Baker's chairman is facing calls to resign as the fashion chain reels from allegations of harassment against its chief executive.

The younger generation's love of spending on experiences and activities rather than objects has boosted Hollywood Bowl.

Superdry is under pressure to rethink its strategy with concerns about its performance growing.

A party-loving Indian tycoon known as the 'king of good times' can be extradited to India to face a fraud trial, a British court has ruled.

Fears are growing for the global economy after a slump in Japan, riots in France and a trade war.

Elon Musk has insisted that Tesla's new chairman will have no control over him.

Lloyds Banking Group’s chairman has been dragged into the crisis at Interserve, having led the ailing outsourcer for a decade.

Nissan's ousted boss has been charged with financial misconduct after allegedly hiding up to £65million of earnings to dodge tax.

BAIL BIDChinese technology group Huawei's chief financial officer Meng Wanzhou, 46, is pleading to be bailed from a Canadian prison over fears for her health.

WPP is cutting 3,500 jobs across the world as it looks to close some offices and remove some job roles that overlap across its agencies.

Online retailer MySale saw more than half of its value wiped off today after it warned it will make a loss in the first half of its financial year due to changes to tax sales regulation in Australia, its largest market.

Carpetright shares, which have been in the doldrums since the firm unveiled a radical store closure plan last April, spiked by more than 9 per cent in early trading today.

When the £10 Christmas Bonus was first handed out to pensioners in 1972 it was enough to cover the cost of a turkey dinner for the whole family, with change leftover for presents.

Fraudsters are exploiting a new type of online account that can be opened without photo ID.

WPP shares surged after it unveiled steep job cuts, adding nearly £7million to the fortune of ousted founder Sir Martin Sorrell.

Barclays has become the first major UK bank to allow profligate customers to block certain kinds of debit card spending.

Marks & Spencer has hired former Sainsbury’s boss Justin King ahead of what is set to be a make or break Christmas on the High Street.

Mike Ashley’s High Street operations may be taking up a lot of his time at the moment, but it was one of his online businesses burning a hole in his pocket yesterday.

Jessops is introducing image editing software and printing machines in its 51 stores as more consumers ditch traditional cameras for their mobile phones.

Speculators have made an estimated £68million betting against Interserve so far this year.

SUB-PRIME HIRELender Amigo Loans has hired Nayan Kisnadwala as chief financial officer to replace Simon Dighton who leaves next year.

Profits at Russell & Bromley more than halved last year as rising costs and falling sales took their toll.

Between 6pm and 8pm this evening, Conservative MPs will cast their votes on whether to save Prime Minister Theresa May in today's no confidence vote.

Sainsbury's and Asda are challenging the competition watchdog in court over being granted more time for responses to the probe into their £12billion mega-merger.

Dixons Carphone, the retailer behind Curry's PC World and Carphone Warehouse, saw shares tumble 10 per cent in early trading after it reported an eye-watering but expected £440million half-year loss.

'Worse than expected' results and another profit warning sent struggling Superdry stocks tumbling by more than 32 per cent today.

Shares in engineering giant Rolls-Royce were flying as it promised investors profits for the year would top £450million.

The new boss of Dixons Carphone insisted his turnaround plan was on track despite racking up a thumping loss and slashing the dividend.

Ex-private equity tycoon-turned US commerce secretary Wilbur Ross was spotted at Art Miami this week taking a keen interest in a sculpture based on Ponzi scheme fraudster Bernie Madoff.

OIL DEADLINEThe Norwegian oil group DNO has upped the ante in its bid to launch a hostile takeover of Faroe Petroleum by setting a three-week deadline for its £608million offer.

Losses at kitsch middle-class retailer Cath Kidston more than doubled to £42million last year.

The pensions watchdog is on red alert over the crisis at Interserve amid fears over the future of the ailing contractor's retirement scheme.

A cut-throat hedge fund is demanding changes at Pernod Ricard after building a stake of more than 2.5 per cent.

The Square Mile generates more than 30 times as much wealth per person as the poorest regions of Britain, figures show.

The growing trend for shoppers to order too many clothes online and return those they do not want is forecast to blow a £1.6billion hole in retailers’ profits by Christmas, research has found.

Mike Ashley's fashion chain Flannels has been handed £125,000 by a local council amid fears that an outlet it bought would remain empty for years.

Bonmarché sent shock waves through the retail industry today after it became the first firm to formally admit that sales were 'extremely poor' in the vital pre-Christmas shopping period.

Holiday giant Tui warned that the tour operating business faces grave pressures today despite some encouraging revenues from its hotels, resorts and cruises.

Online estate agent Purplebricks has cut down its guidance on expected sales for the year amid a stalling, Brexit-hit UK property market.

Sports Direct owner Mike Ashley has attacked Debenhams after the struggling department store refused to accept a £40million loan from him.

Not all countries that adopted the euro have benefited from the single currency, the head of the European Central Bank has admitted.

The Nigerian authorities have filed an £868million lawsuit against Royal Dutch Shell and Italian group Eni over a 2011 oil deal.

A top Huawei executive has pledged to do whatever it takes to restore the Chinese firm's reputation, as it fights back against claims of spying.

Not all countries that adopted the euro have benefited from the single currency, the head of the European Central Bank has admitted.

TECH ROWA plan by Amazon to open a base in New York faces opposition from city councillors.

Widening losses at online estate agent Purplebricks have sent shares tumbling – dealing yet another blow to fund manager Neil Woodford.

The chairman of womenswear and interiors retailer Laura Ashley has been succeeded by his son after 19 years at the helm.

The boss of drinks titan Pernod Ricard has defended his firm as it comes under attack from a notorious vulture fund.

The pound reversed its gains overnight, falling to 1.2613 against the dollar, as Prime Minister Theresa May appeared to be making no progress in Brussels renegotiating her Brexit deal.

Construction company Balfour Beatty is set to beat its full-year forecasts thanks to the additional sale of one of its infrastructure assets in December, the group has revealed.

Louis Vuitton's parent company LVMH has agreed to buy luxury hotel and travel company Belmond for £2.54billion, prevailing over a number of other high-profile bidders.

Think things are bad now?

SHRITI GOESBaroness Shriti Vadera is stepping down from the board of drugs giantAstraZenecaafter eight years to be replaced by Tony Mok, a professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong.

French luxury goods giant LVMH is snapping up the British owner of the Orient Express for £2.5billion.

Gambling firmGVCwas a strong bet for traders yesterday as analysts at Investec said a sell-off of its shares had been considerably overdone.

Bosses atSuperdryhave bought a raft of cut-price shares just days after they were criticised for failing to show confidence in the company.

The softly spoken fellow sat before the US Congress this week wasn’t overly impressive, it must be said.

Just months before it went bust Emoov lured in new investors by claiming it was on course for a staggering six-fold rise in revenues, documents reveal.

Although walking along Oxford Street in London last Sunday lunchtime resembled a human version of dodgems, it did not change my view on the health of most of the country’s high streets.

With just over a week to go to Christmas there is a sense of looming disaster.

Hostile bidders have ramped up their campaign to buy British North Sea oil firm Faroe Petroleum for £610 million by tapping up shareholders and threatening to force themselves on to the board.

It is a useful rule of thumb that when politicians are bombastic about the economy, things are not as good as they seem, and when they are skulking around, tail between their legs, things may not be too bad at all.

The owner of online ticketing firm Trainline has failed to pay corporation tax since it was bought by a US private equity house three years ago.

Thousands of jobs are set to be axed at Jaguar Land Rover in the New Year as it clambers to turnaround the business.

Outsourcing giant Interserve is preparing to spin off its lucrative building materials division in a bid to reduce its debts.

Prestigious London restaurant The Wolseley is expanding its hamper range after the success of its launch last year in an effort to bring Christmas cheer to people's homes.

A profit warning by stock market darling Asos has caused a big sell-off of retail stocks today amid fears that both online retailers and the High Street face a disastrous Christmas.

Energy giant SSE has called off its planned merger with Npower, blaming the Government’s price cap and ‘challenging market conditions’.

In more bad news for the retail industry, online fashion giant Asos has warned over sales and profits after experiencing a 'significant deterioration' in trading in the vital run-up to Christmas.

Prestigious London restaurant The Wolseley is expanding its hamper range after the success of its launch last year in an effort to bring Christmas cheer to people's homes.

Victoria Beckham's fashion empire has plunged further into the red.

Goldman Sachs has been hit with fraud charges in Malaysia after allegedly helping to pillage £2.1 billion from a sovereign wealth fund.

SSE has abandoned plans to merge its retail business with a rival 'Big Six' energy firm.

The watchdog which oversees Britain's tainted auditors will be scrapped after it was branded a 'ramshackle house' in a report.

An American activist investor has launched a scathing attack on Just Eat and called for an overhaul.

CAR PLANSTesla designer Andrew Kim is the latest employee of the electric car maker to switch over to Apple, fuelling speculation it is building an electric car.

The slump in crude oil prices may have been a boon at the pump for long-suffering motorists, but it is starting to hit companies in the drilling industry.

Thai restaurant chain Giggling Squid is considering a float as it seeks to expand.

Amazon was last night ordered to reveal its business rates bill amid fears it is killing the High Street.

Thomas Cook boss Peter Fankhauser took home £1 million last year after the travel firm tumbled to a £163 million full-year loss.

A shareholder in Just Eat has lashed out at the food delivery firm today, dubbing it the 'worst-performing public equity in online food delivery' as it called for a radical overhaul.

The FTSE 100 closed down 71.65 points at 6701.59 and the pound was at $1.26 against the dollar.

Fishing equipment retailer Angling Direct seems to be doing way better than its competitorFishing Republic that went bust last week, as it reeled in rising sales.

Property baron Nick Candy has emerged as a potential buyer for fallen tech start-up Blippar.

Royal Dutch Shell is in talks to buy a Texas-based oil producer in a cut-price £6.3billion deal.

Investors are terrified that Jeremy Corbyn will sweep to power and impose a hard-left agenda which could destroy the economy.

Barclays has been fined £12million in the US over boss Jes Staley’s crusade to unmask a whistleblower.

British companies are watching in horror as the country careers towards a no-deal Brexit, top lobby groups have warned.

The boss of shared office business IWG has scooped £6.1million worth of the firm's shares as he continues his buying spree.

Bosses at Asos have bought almost £200,000 worth of shares in the online retailer in an attempt to reassure investors that Monday’s profit warning was just a temporary blip.

Stepping through the portals of Fortnum & Mason at Christmas time is to leave behind the grey, wintry streets of London and to enter an enchanted kingdom of luxury and delight.

BT was last night accused of making 'long-winded and jargon filled' statements instead of tackling concerns about fat-cat pay.

QUIT CALLAntonio Horta-Osorio, boss of Lloyds, must resign over the bank fraud at the Reading branch of HBOS, Tory MP Kevin Hollinrake, chairman of the Parliamentary group on business banking has said.

The FTSE 100 closed up 64.35 points at 6765.94 and the pound was at $1.27 against the dollar.

Tim Martin, the chairman of pub group JD Wetherspoon, has written a letter to every single MP in the country explaining his dismay that many politicians do not seem to know how the customs union works.

British drugs firmGlaxoSmithKlineand US rivalPfizerare joining forces to combine their consumer healthcare divisions.

Glaxosmithkline and US rivalPfizerare bringing some of the world's best-known healthcare brands under one roof – creating a powerhouse worth up to £50billion.

The London stock market recovered some poise this afternoon after plunging into the red on the open, with the FTSE 100 index of leading shares shedding more than 115 points to stand at 6,645 - a level not seen since September 2016.

Oil giant BP has fired the starting gun on the sale of some US assets to help pay for a swoop on BHP this year.

One of the most influential British businesswomen in America has unexpectedly quit her job running a tech firm.

Interserve shares headed back towards record lows after it merged two units and said one of its managing directors will leave next month.

The disgraced banker who ran Ladbrokes Coral has missed out on a £2million payday.

Three directors at Melrose Industries, which bought British engineering giant GKN this year for £8billion, have bought more than £1.5million worth of shares in the company.

PROFIT DIPProfits at consultant Begbies Traynor slipped to £600,000 for the six months to October, down 40 per centon a year earlier driven by costs related to an acquisition spree.

Royal Bank of Scotland is under fire for paying its first female finance chief up to £400,000 less than her male predecessor.

Amazon is heading for a showdown with Parliament over how much tax it pays.

Long-suffering investors in airline Flybe received some festive cheer as Virgin Atlantic confirmed it was still interested in buying the company.

The FTSE 100 closed down 54.01 points at 6711.93 and the pound was at £1,27 against the dollar.

UK retail sales smashed expectations in November as online shopping reached a record high to account for more than 20p in every pound spent.

Wagamama staff are to receive Christmas bonuses of up to £2,000 each following the £559million sale of the restaurant chain.

Shares in embattled gas and electricity supplierYu Grouphave fallen over 22 per cent after the group issued another profit warning amid 'serious' accounting failures.

Nearly two-thirds of construction outsourcing firmKier Group'srights issue offering has been shunned by investors.

Bus and rail giant Stagecoach has found a buyer for its US business just a few weeks after putting the struggling division up for sale.

Airbus shares fell as much as 6 per cent amid reports the US authorities are investigating alleged corruption at the European aerospace and defence company.

Account KPMG is to fine its staff £100 if they are late in filing vital paperwork.

Stock markets on both sides of the Atlantic are heading for a dismal end to the year amid a toxic cocktail of rising interest rates, a global downturn and Brexit fears.

Shares in cruise companyCarnivalsank after it said fuel costs and currency swings were proving a 'significant drag'.

Kier shareholders snubbed a £264 million fundraising package aimed at bolstering the construction group's books.

The American owner of High Street beauty chain Boots has blamed tough trading in the UK for a fall in profits.

The chief executive of online clothing giant Asos raked in £1.2 million from selling shares just weeks before a profit warning cut their value by more than half.

HSBC and Standard Chartered have stopped offering banking services to under-fire Chinese telecoms giant Huawei.

WAGA WONGAStaff at Wagamama are to receive Christmas bonuses of up to £2,000 each following the £559 million sale of the restaurant chain.

Stagecoach has called time on its operations in the US to focus on rail and bus services in the UK.

The incoming chairman of oil giant BP has bought almost £3 million worth of shares.

The FTSE 100 closed up 9.24 points at 6721.17 and the pound was at $1.27 against the dollar.

Outsourcing giant Interserve is trying to work out a radical plan to slice its close to £650million accumulated debt, and it remains locked in intense negotiations with its lenders.

Shoppers are ending the year in a 'chilly mood of despondency', according to intelligence firm GfK, asconsumer confidence index tumbles to -14, the lowest reading since July 2013.

Vodafone is searching for a new auditor after it was revealed that the company is involved in a legal dispute with its current auditor PwC.

The trials and tribulations of Urals Energy in recent weeks have been more akin to a soap opera than a listed company, and the drama continued this week.

Billions of pounds have been wiped off the value of leading shops in a brutal year for the High Street.

Business investment has fallen for the third quarter in a row as firms batten down the hatches ahead of Brexit.

Troubled outsourcer Interserve has finally thrashed out the key points of a rescue deal with its lenders, aimed at preventing a Christmas crash.

AUDITOR SPATA legal row with PwC has forcedVodafoneto look for another auditor.

It may be more wishful thinking than based on hard analysis but nearly 80 per cent of precious metal investors believe the gold price will rise next year.

Fashion chain New Look is considering a bold move to slash its £1.3billion debt mountain as it battles to return to financial health.

Those miserly hedge funds clearly haven’t got into the Christmas spirit.

A landlord is trying to coax online shoppers into its pubs with parcel collection points.

Independent shops hit by the turmoil on Britain’s High Street have turned to the internet to double their Christmas sales instead.

David and Victoria Beckham have each had a near-£10million dividend from their company – even though her luxury fashion empire has run up big losses.

Superdry's co-founder Julian Dunkerton is preparing to launch a battle against the clothing brand’s management as he plans a return to the board.

As British retailers make their final sales of the year before Christmas, many will be eager for 2018 to be over.

The FTSE 100 closed down 35.18 points at 6685.99 and the pound was at $1.27 against the dollar.

The FTSE 100 slumped into the red again this morning on what should have been a quiet final half-day of trading before Christmas.

At the peak of the financial crisis a decade ago, I found myself bombarded by friends with questions as to what they should do with their cash to keep it safe.

Upmarket restaurant group D&D London boosted sales as it tempted customers to its swanky sites.

Wall Street rebounded last night following the worst Christmas Eve sell-off ever and a dismal stock market performance throughout December.

Two former City traders and their families stand to make as much as £285million after their payments company fell into the crosshairs of a Chinese tech behemoth.

A former Nissan director and alleged co-conspirator of former chairman Carlos Ghosn was released on bail on Christmas Day.

Facebook's ownership of picture messaging app Instagram is helping to shield it from the backlash over privacy scandals, claims Sir Martin Sorrell.

French firm Vinci has penned a deal to buy a controlling stake in Gatwick just days after after drone sightings at the airport caused chaos for thousands of passengers flying before Christmas.

Investors hoping for a bounce today following a 1,000 surge on Wall Street have been left disappointed as the FTSE 100 sunk deeper into the red.

Troubles in the UK retail industry 'will not go away, and could well intensify further' in 2019, regardless of the unknowns of Brexit, a think tank of industry experts warned today.

CHINA DOWNProfits at Chinese industrial firms fell last month for the first time since December 2015.

Elon Musk's Tesla is turning its attention to Europe as the electric car maker prepares to launch its smaller car outside the US.

A Chinese billionaire is poised to pounce on West End landlord Shaftesbury's £4bn property empire.

Chinese investors have ploughed nearly £60billion into the UK since 2005, sparking calls for tougher scrutiny of what tycoons from the Communist state can buy.

Long-suffering investors lost more than £300billion as European bank stocks slid this year amid money-laundering debacles, Brexit fears and a slowdown on the Continent.

French investors are snapping up a controlling stake in the UK’s second-busiest airport, in a major vote of confidence for the UK ahead of Brexit.

A rebound in the oil market has come to an abrupt halt as concerns over the state of the global economy overrode festive cheer.

Stock markets soared today to recover much of the falls they suffered in the first day of trading after Christmas yesterday.

Royal Dutch Shellhas completed the sale of its assets in New Zealand for £456million.

The FTSE 100 closed up 149.29 points at 6733.97 and the pound was at $1.27 against the dollar.

HMV hit the buffers today for the second time in six years, after torrid conditions on the High Street and slow Christmas trading forced it to the brink.

It has been a rollercoaster year for stock markets as global trade tensions reached fever pitch and Brexit worries piled up.

CHINA REDUCTIONCar maker Nissan will reportedly make 30,000 fewer vehicles in China over the next few months than it had planned.

Next is expected to start the new year with a profit warning after a downbeat Christmas for the High Street.

The UK’s stock market is showing signs of life, after disappointing trading cast a cloud over the run-up to Christmas.

Analysts are wasting no time in making their gloomy predictions for Britain's ailing high streets next year.

The Footsie-listed publisher formerly known as Reed Elsevier is mulling a £200million takeover of events firm Mack Brooks.

Corporate raiders at Melrose have failed to meet a deadline to address shareholders’ concerns over their huge bonuses.

The year 2018 was a turbulent one, separating star stockpickers from novices as shares yo-yoed.

Crispin Odey, who is poised to be the best performing hedge fund manager of the year, has predicted more financial turmoil in 2019 as political chaos grips stock markets.

Chelsea FC owner Roman Abramovich was this year’s biggest winner on the London stock market after his portfolio gained £1.6million a day on average.

London has retained its crown as Europe’s busiest stock market – with more than 600 firms raising a total of £37billion in the City this year.

The FTSE is on a modest climb on Monday as trading in 2018 reaches its end.

2018 saw 10,000 restaurant workers lose their jobs, compounding the worst year many High Street watchers can remember.

Sir Martin Sorrell's new company continues to step out of the shadow of his old firm WPP, with climbing revenues and surging profits.

Sir Martin Sorrell's new advertising firm is starting 2019 on a high note after revealing booming sales.

Speculators looking to profit from a stock market meltdown are betting heavily against British firms.

The chief executive of housebuilder Persimmon has stepped down after a months-long furore over his £75m pay packet.

Troubled German lender Deutsche Bank can survive without a merger or a taxpayer bailout, chairman Paul Achleitner has insisted.

Complaints about online streaming services such as Amazon Prime, Netflix and Apple Music have more than doubled in six months.

The boss of HSBC’s Turkish business is being investigated by police over claims he insulted President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.

A new shingles vaccine from Glaxosmithkline is in such high demand that some pharmacies have a one-year waiting list.

Microsoft has become the world's most valuable company for the first time in 16 years, after brutal trading knocked billions of pounds off its rivals.

Blue-chip companies could see a host of bosses quit this year as 17 chief executives in the FTSE 100 near retirement age.

Britain is heading for the worst decade of housebuilding ever despite frantic efforts to up construction.

Superdry founder Julian Dunkerton is set to pocket £1.4million in a dividend bonanza – despite a disastrous year for the company.

Greedy supermarkets are pocketing huge profits from a fall in the oil price instead of cutting costs at the pump, experts have warned.

The FTSE 100 closed up 6.10 points at 6734.23 and the pound was at $1.26 against the dollar.

The Footsie got off to an uncertain start to 2019, but clawed back into the black by the end of the first trading session of the new year.

British manufacturers are stockpiling goods at near record rates in preparation for a calamitous no-deal Brexit, according to a survey released today.

Tycoon Richard Caring has bemoaned the soaring cost of business rates as profits slipped at his restaurant empire.

A rush of last-minute gift shoppers helped boost sales at John Lewis in the week of Christmas, the retailer said today in a weekly trading update.

Shares in Elon Musk’s Tesla plunged 10 per cent after the electric car maker cut prices and missed production targets.

Heavy discounting at John Lewis gave the department store a much-needed boost over Christmas.

Iceland is at war with the taxman over an 'idiotic' £48million bill it faces for a savings club and rules asking staff to wear smart shoes.

KENGETER SETTLESThe disgraced former boss of the German stock exchange Carsten Kengeter, 51, is to pay £4.3million to settle insider trading charges.

Storm clouds are gathering over the global economy amid fears of a crippling trade war and a eurozone recession.

The new year has started with a bang for London-listed Ophir Energy.

Price comparison website Go Compare is in talks with investors as it fends off predators.

The FTSE 100 closed down 41.57 points at 6692.66 and the pound was at $1.26 against the dollar.

Fashion giant Next achieved rising sales over the vital Christmas trading period as a stellar performance online offset tumbling sales at its stores.

Britain's economy found itself stuck in a 'weak holding pattern' by the end of last year, a survey by the British Chambers of Research suggests.

Shares in infrastructure services groupCostainhave risen by over 11 per cent in early morning trading today.

While the Footsie index got off to an uncertain start this week, it started to show signs of recovering for a brief spell this afternoon.

Shares in Next rose sharply after it enjoyed a better than expected Christmas.

TV chef Mary Berry made more than £1.5million last year as she continued to rake in the cash after quitting The Great British Bake Off.

Major High Street banks will launch a crackdown on problem gambling this year by allowing customers to switch off spending on betting sites.

TWO of the UK's most prominent women in banking have been appointed to the Bank of England's financial watchdog.

DRONE AUDITAccountants PwC used a drone in an audit for the first time, to take over 300 images of a coal reserve at one of the UK’s last remaining coal-fired power stations, Aberthaw, in South Wales.

American drug maker Bristol-Myers Squibb has agreed to buy rival Celgene in a £71billion deal – one of largest takeovers in pharmaceuticals history.

The battle for North Sea oil company Faroe Petroleum is not over yet, and shareholders are reaping the benefit.

Shares in luxury brands tumbled as Apple's warning over subdued iPhone sales sparked fears that middle-class shoppers around the world are tightening the purse strings.

Shoppers face paying 'substantially' more for everyday goods if politicians fail to secure a watertight tariff-free trade deal for the UK, a leading figure representing the retail sector has warned.

The FTSE 100 has closed up 2.1 per cent, or 144.76 points at 6,837.42, reversing the losses it suffered yesterday on the back of a choppy session on Wall Street.

Annual house price growth slowed sharply at the end of 2018, falling to its weakest level since February 2013, according to a leading index.

The engineering arm of Monarch, the airline which collapsed at the end of 2017, has fallen into administration, resulting in the loss of 450 jobs.

Stonegate, the group behind Slug & Lettuce and Walkabout bars, said it has entered the new year with 'positive momentum' after drinkers boosted sales during the festive period.

One of the key movers on AIM this week was oilerFaroe Petroleum, which was up 4.5 per cent at 153p as it battled a hostile takeover effort from Norwegian predator and 30 per cent shareholder DNO.

Retail stocks received a welcome boost this week after Next - first out the blocks with its Christmas results - pleased investors with a 1.5 per cent sales rise.

Gear4music, the largest online music specialist retailer in the UK, saw its share price more than halve today after it warned over profits.

The former Burberry boss who is now Apple's highest-paid executive sold almost £12million worth of the tech giant's shares when they peaked in early October.

One year ago the City broker Barclays Capital took a look atWhitbreadand asked: 'What if it sells its Costa Coffee business?'

Investors are betting on a disappointing Christmas at Marks & Spencer as vulture hedge funds close in.

Global stock markets soared as the US brushed aside fears of an economic slowdown with robust jobs figures.

LYNCH GOESSwiss medical-tech company Sophia Genetics has bagged £61million from investors after under-fire entrepreneur Mike Lynch, 53, stepped down from its board.

Retail sales declined in the critical trading month of December, a survey has found, as a last-minute rush and discounting failed to save embattled retailers from their worst year on record.

An entrepreneur from Wales is sitting on a paper fortune after striking a deal with Lloyds that values his zip wire company at £45million.

Simon Cowell may have won plaudits for last night's new BBC One show, The Greatest Dancer, but his entertainment business has suffered a fall in profits and revenues.

Nicola Horlick was facing questions about the future of her flagship business after it reported a loss of £1.4million and slashed its staff headcount from 12 to one.

Telecoms giant BT Group is working with some of the City’s most powerful takeover advisers amid fears it could be targeted by a German rival, The Mail on Sunday understands.

Waitrose is expected to be revealed as the biggest festive loser in the battle of the supermarkets after families flocked to Lidl and Aldi for Christmas food.

An influential City adviser has raised ‘major concerns’ about a director of Debenhams and urged investors not to back him at this week’s annual meeting.

A FTSE 100 software giant is at the centre of a new fat cat pay storm after the firm gave its top brass more time to cash in on its 'extraordinary' £110million bonus plan.

Transport giant Stagecoach took a £35million dividend out of a rail franchise before hiking fares.

Sainsbury's boss Mike Coupe faces further pressure this week as the supermarket is expected to reveal a drop in Christmas sales.

Standard Chartered faces an extra three months on probation with US authorities as it haggles over a £1.2billion fine for allegedly busting sanctions in Iran.

Bonus payments at US investment banks are set to dwarf those at their European rivals again this year.

The morning session started off on the positive side, on the back of modest gains made in Asia overnight, but the Footsie ended the day in the red, closing down 0.4 per cent, or 26.54 points, at 6,810.88.

Aldi has opened a jam-packed week of supermarket Christmas trading updates with some positive numbers as it raked in sales of almost £1billion in December.

Homewares firm Dunelm has defied fears of a disastrous Christmas for the UK's retail industry with a bumper sales rise during the all-important Golden Quarter.

Luxury retailer Selfridges bucked the department store blues in the run up to Christmas, unveiling record-breaking sales growth for the festive period.

Aldi had its best ever week in the run-up to Christmas as it piled pressure on the Big Four supermarkets.

More than one thousand trillion dollars of trades were handled by the London Stock Exchange's clearing arm for the first time in 2018.

Norwegian Air has blamed problems with Rolls-Royce engines for a hit to its finances.

Three former Credit Suisse bankers have been charged with siphoning more than £150million out of a fundraising for Mozambique’s tuna industry.

Rubik's Brand Ltd, the London company behind the Rubik's Cube, has sold a stake to Austrian private equity firm Bancroft Investment.

British Gas owner Centrica is feeling the heat after a leading City broker warned its dividend was 'hanging by a thread'.

KIM QUITSThe president of the World Bank, Jim Yong Kim, 59, is leaving at the end of this month for a job at a firm that focuses on infrastructure in developing countries.

Corporate raider Ed Bramson has declared war on Barclays after it rebuffed his demand for a seat on the board.

Bosses at ARM raked in nearly £55million after the British chipmaker’s takeover by Japanese group SoftBank.

The FTSE 100 closed 50.72 points higher, or 0.7 per cent, at 6,861.60 as hopes for the US-China trade talks and some optimistic words from President Trump added to the bullish move.

Shares in Morrisons slipped by nearly 4 per cent in early trading today, as investors punished the supermarket for a softening in retail sales over the Christmas period.

Brewer and pub operator Greene King toasted to a ‘strong’ Christmas and New Year as festive drinkers boosted sales at its managed pubs.

Country clothing brand Joules - best known for its floral wellies and outdoor wear - said today that a bumper online performance helped the tills ring out for Christmas.

Shoppers shunned Waitrose in the crucial run-up to Christmas, fuelling fears the high-end grocer has lost its lustre.

The battle for North Sea oil company Faroe Petroleum intensified last night, as hostile bidder DNO raised its offer by £34million.

Two lenders are to stop offering mortgages amid a vicious price war and a funding drought.

Recession fears are growing in Germany after it posted a surprise slump in the country’s industrial production.

GENDER PAYThe gender pay gap at HSBC is almost four times the national average.

Baby and children's retailerMothercaresuffered an 11.4 per cent fall in like-for-like sales in the 13 weeks to 5 January.

Corporate raider Edward Bramson’s bid to join the Barclays board faces opposition from his fund’s own investors.

Greggshas hailed the success of its 'very popular' vegan-friendly sausage rolls, as it cooked up a 7.2 per cent rise in sales over the past year.

Sainsbury's stock slid into the red today after the UK's second biggest supermarket posted what an analyst has called 'a truly woeful set of numbers' for the all-important 'Golden Quarter'.

Sainsbury's sales slipped 1.1 per cent over Christmas - steeper than the decline analysts were expecting for the UK's second biggest supermarket.

Ted Baker's ailing shares received a much-needed boost in early trading today after a strong Christmas update from the fashion brand offered concerned investors some reassurance.

Wine seller Majestic said today that Christmas trading was more difficult than it anticipated as economic uncertainty and weak consumer confidence in the run-up to Brexit take their toll.

HousebuilderTaylor Wimpeyclaimed the housing market remained 'stable' in 2018, allowing it to enjoy 'strong sales rates' throughout the year.

Apple boss Tim Cook collected his biggest ever bonus just weeks before the iPhone maker cut production due to poor sales.

Doorstep lender Provident Financial has been rapped for festive adverts aimed at vulnerable borrowers to take a loan at more than 500 per cent interest.

Embattled fund manager Neil Woodford and his business partner pocketed a £36.5million bonanza, despite woeful performance at his firm which sparked an investor exodus.

Broadcaster ITV was racing ahead yesterday as City analysts predicted it could soon ink a new deal with Sky, giving it a £120million boost.

WEAK GROWTHProductivity in Britain was just 0.2 per cent higher in the third quarter of 2018 than it was a year earlier, says the Office for National Statistics.

Shares in Britain's housebuilders rallied after Taylor Wimpey started 2019 in a 'very strong' position.

Pressure is mounting on Sainsbury's boss Mike Coupe after the supermarket posted miserable Christmas results.

The John Lewis Partnership dropped a bombshell today, warning that its annual staff bonus could be quashed for the first time since 1953, amid another hard fought Christmas.

Retailers suffered the worst Christmas since 2008 and the financial crisis, a leading index has found, as even frantic discounting failed to lure shoppers in December.

Britain's biggest supermarketTescoenjoyed a bumper festive period, with sales up 2.2 per cent from the same time a year ago.

Debenhams chairman Sir Ian Cheshire is to step down immediately after a rebellion by Sports Direct's Mike Ashley and another shareholder, Dubai-based Landmark Group.

The FTSE 100 closed up 36.24 points at 6942.87 and the pound was at $1.28 against the dollar.

A profit warning from Halfords today has left analysts scratching their heads and caused some investors to jump ship.

Marks & Spencerhas blamed a challenging November, heavy discounts by rivals and lower in-store footfall for falling sales over the three months to 29 December.

The economic forecasters heralded 2019 as the year when recovery in the eurozone would finally be established.

Embattled entrepreneur Luke Johnson has suffered another blow after his Brighton Pier Group posted a profit warning.

Mike Ashley led a dramatic boardroom coup at Debenhams last night after the struggling chain posted a dismal set of Christmas sales figures.

TAX ATTACKForeign businesses trying to dodge paying their fair share of tax face a crackdown.

Renewable power provider Bulb Energy has plunged to a loss of nearly £24million amid a squeeze on small suppliers which has seen nine go bust in a year.

Nervous British savers pulled £2.1billion out of investment funds in November as market volatility returned in October.

Management at pub group Mitchells & Butlers are due a celebratory pint, after a jump in Christmas sales of both food and drink caused shares to shine.

The FTSE 100 closed down 24.69 points at 6918.18 and the pound was at $1.28 against the dollar.

Virgin Atlantic and Stobart Group have agreed to buy Flybe in a £2.2million deal - but the 1p a share offer is at a massive discount to the 16.4p the airline's shares closed at last night.

Fast growing discounter Lidl - the sixth largest supermarket in the UK - tempted shoppers to transfer £58million worth of spending from Waitrose, M&S, Tesco, Asda, Sainsbury's and Morrisons over the Christmas period.

Fashion retailerQuizhas warned its profit and revenue will be lower after Christmas trading failed to meet expectations.

Online electrical retailer AO World's sales were improved by the much-hyped 'Black Friday' discount event, allowing the firm to stick to its full-year forecasts as many other retailers flounder.

One of the big stories on AIM this week was North Sea oilerFaroe Petroleum, which is due to be taken out of the market after a hostile takeover bid from DNO succeeded on Wednesday.

Debenhams'shares fell to all-time lows after a dramatic boardroom coup that saw its chairman Sir Ian Cheshire ousted.

FESTIVE CHEERDiscount grocer Lidl notched up an 8 per cent rise in sales over Christmas as shoppers snapped up turkeys and mince pies.

The boss of wealth managerBrewin Dolphincashed in more than £60,000 of his deferred bonus awards this week.

Cheap and cheerful fashion retailerQuizwas down in the dumps as it revealed sales over Christmas had fallen short of expectations.

What does it do?This fund from top investment house Fidelity aims to grow savers' money over the long term by investing in companies which find themselves in 'special situations' – in other words, ones it thinks have been unfairly marked down.

The boss of a London-listed oil drilling firm has been handed a controversial £9million bonus – by the pay committee he chairs.

Billionaire Mike Ashley attempted to install himself as chief executive of Debenhams as part of repeated efforts to gain control of the retailer, it has emerged.

Ted Baker founder Ray Kelvin has made £15million from the rise in the firm's share price since he faced allegations of sexual harassment and 'forced' hugging of staff.

The rescue deal for struggling airline Flybe could be called off because of Brexit.

The Queen's favourite outdoor clothing brand, Barbour, has bucked the gloom on the high street to celebrate record sales.

The wave of high street gloom has rippled out to the bond markets, with more than £200million wiped off the value of retailers’ debt in two months.

Debenhamscould close up to 90 stores, resulting in the loss of 10,000 jobs, as part of a radical restructuring plan, it has been reported.

Matalan is the latest in a string of retailers to admit that it ramped up its discounting efforts in the run-up to Christmas in an attempt to woo cautious shoppers.

Debenhams was a ‘bomb waiting to go off’ after its former private equity owners ran it into the ground, according to a banker close to the firm.

New Look has unveiled drastic plans to restructure its debt today after a tough November led to disappointing Christmas sales for the struggling fashion retailer.

Shares in Revolution Bars crashed nearly 20 per cent after the firm was forced to issue a profit warning amid falling sales, rising costs and an 'uncertain economic and political outlook'.

Barclays' former boss has appeared in court to deny fraud charges.

Fears are growing for the global economy after sharp falls in manufacturing raised the spectre of another recession in the crisis-torn eurozone.

Britain's five largest listed Government contractors have paid their chief executives more than £80million since 2010 – despite years of shoddy performance.

Around 50 of Britain's biggest retailers have joined forces to urge ministers to overhaul business rates amid reports that 10,000 jobs are at risk at Debenhams.

L'Occitane has snapped up premium British skincare brand Elemis for just under £700million.

Investors' heads were spinning as High Street bar and party chain Revolution Bars reported sliding sales for the first half of its financial year.

Veteran dealmaker Bart Becht is retiring after years of mammoth earnings.

Stobart Group's former boss bought a stake in Flybe hours after his previous employer and Virgin announced they would buy the struggling airline for £2.2million.

TURMOIL TELLSMarket turmoil around the world triggered a fall in revenues at US bank Citigroup in the last three months of 2018.

Carlos Ghosn's wife has complained about the 'harsh treatment' the former Nissan boss is facing in a Japanese jail.

FTSE 100 closed up 40 points, or 0.6 per cent at 6,895 as MPs prepare to vote of Theresa May's Brexit agreement.

HousebuilderPersimmonsaid it expects profits to come in slightly ahead of market expectations as it issued its first trading update since the departure of boss Jeff Fairburn at the end of last year.

Online fashion firmBoohoo- a golden child of UK retail - has upped its sales forecasts today after enjoying bumper trading over Black Friday and Christmas.

High Street stalwart Marks & Spencer has put more than 1,000 jobs at risk as it unveiled its latest round of store closures.

Savills expects lower property sales in a number of markets this year as Brexit-related uncertainty and US trade policy take a toll on property investors' confidence.

Persimmon is set to become the first housebuilder in Britain to rake in profits of more than £1billion in a year.

Nearly £320million has been wiped off the value of doorstep lender Provident Financial after it warned profits will be lower than forecast.

Santander has abandoned a bid to hire a new chief executive after he demanded a massive payout.

BAIL DENIEDFormer Nissan boss Carlos Ghosn, 64, has been denied bail in Tokyo.

US President Donald Trump's daughter is to help choose the next head of the World Bank after its boss suddenly quit.

More than 1,000 jobs are at risk after Marks & Spencer revealed its latest round of store closures as it struggles to deal with crippling business rates.

German economic growth slumped to a five-year low in 2018 amid growing fears for the health of the eurozone.

The US government's shutdown could bring its economy grinding to a halt, JP Morgan's boss has warned.

Investors in Flybe have succumbed to a sinking feeling, as hopes evaporated that a white knight buyer may table a higher bid for the struggling airline.

Serial entrepreneur Luke Johnson enjoyed a £555,000 boost after shares in Elegant Hotels jumped yesterday.

With the Brexit vote having been widely expected to go against the Prime Minister, 'sterling has not been unduly bothered', one analyst observed.

The boss of Reckitt Benckiser, the firm behind household goods including Vanish, Dettol and Durex, is to retire after more than eight years as CEO and 32 years with the company.

Bovis Homesexpects to post a record profit for the last year, it said in a trading update today.

Education publishing groupPearsonhas seen its share price fall over 6 per cent after revealing its total revenue slipped by 1 per cent in the last year.

Running Boots is not a job for the faint-hearted.

Revived hopes of a softer Brexit, following Theresa May's failure to push through her deal for leaving the EU through the House of Commons, helped.

The owner of stricken cafe chain Patisserie Valerie has admitted its accounting scandal is worse than previously thought.

Marks & Spencer must axe even more stores than the 100 already planned to revive its fortunes, it said last night.

The boss of Reckitt Benckiser could trouser £30million after leaving – on top of the £86million he was paid while in charge.

Record numbers of film fans visited Cineworld last year to watch blockbusters such as Mamma Mia, Avengers and Incredibles 2.

Despite all the chaos at the top of Government, sterling has retained its post Brexit vote resilience and hit its highest level against the euro since last November overnight.

After gloomily warning of 'challenging' trading in November, High Street darling Primark pulled through to deliver a better-than-expected performance over Christmas.

Whitbreadhas kicked off a £500million share buyback scheme as it ploughs ahead with its plan to return a 'significant majority' of the proceeds it raked it from the sale of Costa to Coca-Cola for £3.9billion earlier this month.

Premier Foodssaw its 'sweet treat' revenues fall by 6.9 per cent in its third quarter, but has opted to maintain its full-year profit forecast.

Animal print skirts and faux sheepskin coats helped Primark shine in the High Street's Christmas gloom.

Netflix last night revealed profits of more than £103m for the end of 2018 – taking its full year haul to more than £930m.

Campaigners and businesses are demanding a guarantee that new homes across the country will get decent broadband.

A warning on the future of advertising from a major investment bank sent ITV's shares into the red.

Lotus is opening a £1 billion factory in China to produce SUVs amid booming demand for British luxury vehicles.

Shares in Simply Be owner N Brown tumbled after it revealed disappointing Christmas trading figures.

Whitbread has kicked off a £500m share buyback programme after pocketing £3.9 billion from its sale of Costa to Coca-Cola.

The founder of pioneering investment firm Vanguard, John Bogle, has died aged 89.

Airlines are in focus this morning after Ryanair issued a profit warning that has taken its rival Easyjet down with it.

Ryanair has warned over profits for the second time in quick succession, triggering a spate of share price declines across the UK airline sector.

Retail sales dropped in December as shoppers increasingly shifted spending to the Black Friday promotional period.

Shares in British security software and hardware company Sophos tumbled on Friday after the firm warned that 'subdued' trading would spill into the fourth quarter.

Dixons Carphone is expected to book another sales slump at its troubled mobile phone division when it reports on its third-quarter performance next week.

Eddie Stobart Logistics saw sales race ahead last year as the road haulier was improved by new contract wins.

Experts have blasted Marks & Spencer for 'rewarding failure' as successive bosses pocketed nearly £28million in pay amid a long-term profits slump and a £7billion drop in the retailer's value.

A luxury maker of £70 'slippers for hipsters' has been saved by one of the founders behind mattress start-up Simba Sleep.

Online security firm Sophos had little good news for investors after admitting it was dogged by subdued performance for the last three months of 2018.

The former boss of Stobart Group, Andrew Tinkler, has sold shares worth £5.6m in the firm that ousted him.

Plus 500 is under siege from hedge funds predicting a share-price slump as it battles with tighter regulation.

Judges have slammed the competition watchdog's handling of the merger between Sainsbury's and Asda.

Wall Street banker Jamie Dimon was paid £24million last year after his company JP Morgan outperformed its rivals.

Sir Philip Green’s retail empire is preparing for a major round of talks with its shop landlords as it emerged last night that leases on up to 200 stores are coming to an end.

A wine merchant backed by Tory Party donor Michael Spencer had a bumper year after buyers splashed out on high volumes of expensive Bordeaux, Burgundy and Champagne.

Complex bonus plans should be scrapped and replaced with long-term share schemes for both directors and staff, a top academic will say this week.

Technology changes people’s lives more than politics does.

A betting company backed by Nick Candy has launched, just weeks after one of the property tycoon’s other technology start-ups went bust.

Executives at the banking group behind Clydesdale, Yorkshire and Virgin Money face a revolt over plans to increase their bonuses.

A no-dealBrexitand a worse-than-expected slowdown in the Chinese economy could cause more turbulence on the financial markets and hit global growth, the International Monetary Fund has said.

Vulture hedge funds have swooped on Pizza Express in an attempt to grab control of the restaurant chain.

Patisserie Valerie could go bust as soon as today as it scrambles to strike a deal with its lenders.

Investors in UK companies pocketed almost £100billion in payouts last year, the highest level in almost a decade.

Just Eat chief executive Peter Plumb has stepped down with immediate effect after just one and half years at the helm as it faces pressure from an activist investor.

William Hill shares took a tumble today after the bookmaker said it expected full-year profits to fall 15 per cent and blamed challenging conditions on the High Street for its troubles.

Elliott Advisors has its eye on a stake in Dixons Carphone after a sharp fall in the struggling retailer's share price.

Barclays boss Jes Staley will defend his bank from a siege by corporate raider Edward Bramson at meetings in Davos this week.

Online trading firm Plus 500 has angered shareholders by ramping up the potential pay of its boss and finance chief by more than £4.1m.

Patisserie Valerie was last night locked in talks with lenders as 'incredulous' shareholders attacked bosses over their handling of the crisis crippling the cafe chain.

Mountain Warehouse has defied the High Street gloom and reported record Christmas trading following a surge in sales of socks, fleeces and gloves.

HMV could be merged with Game Digital as Mike Ashley looks to add another High Street chain to his growing retail empire.

The chief executive of Just Eat has left the company following a backlash from investors.

The chairman of GlaxoSmithKline has said he will step down as the drug maker prepares to chop its business in two.

A global trade war, political turmoil in Britain and Europe, and a slowdown in China could destabilise the world economy, the International Monetary Fund has warned.

Pets at Home said it is considering to spend £8million stockpiling pet food and other products in case Britain crashes out of the EU without a deal.

Dixons Carphone has booked another sales slump at its mobile division over the key Christmas quarter as consumers increasingly snub lengthy mobile contracts in favour of SIM only contracts.

Troubled cafe chain Patisserie Valerie has fallen into administration after last ditch talks to save it failed.

A former IBM employee has accused the firm of firing him because he was not a young millennial.

A second investigation has been launched by the UK's accounting watchdog into the auditing of collapsed construction giant Carillion.

Tesco is set to axe hundreds of jobs in boss Dave Lewis's latest move to cut costs.

Trading firm IG Group posted a slide in revenue, profit and new customer numbers as the effects of new European regulation bite.

Kitsch homeware and fashion firm Cath Kidston has enlisted model and actress Poppy Delevingne to front its latest campaign.

Veteran investment boss Martin Gilbert is preparing for retirement after 36 years at the helm of his firm.

Kier Group has ousted its chief executive after a bungled fundraising sparked an investor backlash.

A trio of tycoons have kept a grip on pub group Mitchells & Butlers despite opposition from a major City institution.

Shares are in the red again today as worries over the strength of the global economy continue to prompt selling.

Shares inBurberryhave slipped this morning, despite the group posting a rise in sales in the three months to 29 December.

Pub groupJD Wetherspoonhas warned its investors that its pre-tax profits for the first half of its current financial year will be lower than expected.

WH Smithsaw total sales across its branches in railway stations and airports rise by 16 per cent in the five months to 19 January.

Shares in Metro Bank plummeted by a third this morning after the High Street lender warned that profits are set to miss expectations.

Shares inWH Smithare up over 6 per cent after the retailer announced sales across its railway and airport rose by 8 per cent in the last three months.

Tesco and the Serious Fraud Office (SFO) suffered an embarrassing defeat after the supermarket's former finance boss was cleared over a £250million accounting scandal.

The bright lights of Metro Bank may be pulling in customers, but they failed to entice investors as the High Street lender reported disappointing results and admitted an accounting slip-up.

Booming house prices have boosted older people's wealth at the expense of the young, according to a top Bank of England official.

Slow broadband in thousands of new homes threatens the flexible working that has helped propel Britain to record levels of employment, say experts.

Family fashion firm Joules posted soaring sales as it defied the retail gloom.

Packaging giant RPC has sparked anger among shareholders after urging them to accept a £3.3billion bid from US private equity firm Apollo.

The CBI hosts its lunch at the Belvedere Hotel today, an annual event attended by all the top British dignitaries in town.

The collapse of Patisserie Valerie has dealt a fresh blow to Debenhams as the cafe chain closed outlets at the department store.

The head of Airbus has torn into the Government's handling of Brexit, branding it a 'disgrace' and warning that the company could pull out of the UK if its ability to compete on the global stage is harmed by a no-deal departure.

Fever-Tree investors are fizzing over this morning after the AIM upstart revealed another year of rapid growth.

Fever-Tree shares fizzed to an all-time high today as the AIM superstar wowed its hard-to-please investors.

The Restaurant Grouphas hailed a 'pivotal' year as it seeks to get back on track after its takeover of Wagamama triggered a share price slide.

Property entrepreneur Nick Candy’s venture capital firm has bought augmented reality start-up Blippar.com out of administration.

The boss of Barclays has hit back against a New York-based corporate raider bidding to overhaul the British bank.

Patisserie Valerie wants a rebate for corporation tax it paid on profits that may not have existed.

Fever-Tree sales soared thanks to demand for gin and other spirits.

The eurozone economy has all but ground to halt as Germany and France flounder, according to the latest health check of the crisis-torn bloc.

Vodafone shares slipped towards a nine-year low, as poor figures from its South African division spooked investors the day before its latest trading update.

Vue International is making its first foray intoSaudi Arabiajust months after a 35-year ban on commercial cinemas was lifted.

London Pride makerFuller, Smith & Turner, better known as Fuller's, is to sell its entire beer business to the European division of Japanese brewer Asahi.

Shares are on the up as we head into the weekend as investors buy up this week's dip.

The Restaurant Group is pinning its hopes on newly purchased Wagamama after a slide in sales across its properties.

Vodafonehas reported a drop in quarterly revenue but remained firm on its growth expectations for the full year.

There is a 50 per cent chance the US will plunge into recession next year, the boss of Goldman Sachs predicts.

The mining sector stood out as it reversed some of the losses incurred earlier in the week.

Vodafone has stopped the roll-out of some Huawei equipment in its networks in Europe amid fears the Chinese company could use it for spying As the British mobile giant updated investors on its last three months of trading, which saw revenue slip, chief executive Nick Read said he had decided to 'pause' using further Huawei kit in the critical parts of Vodafone's telephone networks.

Marks & Spencer has teamed up with a group of 'influencers' on social media in a desperate bid to arrest declining sales.

The boss of Peppa Pig creator Entertainment One has pocketed £5.8million from selling shares in his company after their value shot up last week.

Mike Ashley is believed to be demanding that HMV’s landlords give him six months of free rent if he takes over the collapsed music chain.

Jet2, the UK's third biggest airline and second largest tour operator, reached a new business milestone last week.

To the untrained eye, it appears no different from the thousands of other red brick office blocks in industrial estates across Britain.

Labour leaders are threatening a new ‘fat cat’ tax to cut down on outlandish executive pay.

It's a view that might grate with 'Generation Rent' who can't get on the housing ladder.

Tesco is set to axe about 15,000 jobs and close meat, fish and delicatessen counters in one of the biggest shop floor culls of boss Dave Lewis’s reign.

A haulier who blames CYBG for the collapse of his business last night embarked on a £1,400, 21,000-mile round trip to Australia to grill bosses at the bank.

Two of Aviva’s top bosses are slugging it out to become the insurer’s chief executive – and the winner will be announced within weeks.

On my quick tally, this could be one of the best times to buy British assets for the past 35 years.

Embattled Patisserie Valerie chairman Luke Johnson has been drawn into another City spat – over his position on Elegant Hotels’ board.

Having a motorway built through their farm in Cumbria was a blessing for the Dunning family.

Power giant Npower has thrown its weight behind attempts by Centrica to change the way the energy price cap is calculated.

The rumour swirling in the City is that AIM-listed gas producer Victoria Oil & Gas is on the hunt for more funds.

A City doom-monger who placed a red flag on RPC Group believes investors in the plastics giant would ‘need their heads checking’ if they reject a £3.3 billion takeover offer.

One of Britain’s largest pharmacy chains has plunged deeper into the red.

Metro Bank has revealed ambitious plans to sign up 400,000 new business banking customers as it recovers from an accountancy error that decimated its share price.

Business is booming at Cherie Blair’s law firm, its latest figures show.

Are investors turning sour on AIM?

The craft beer boom shows no signs of slowing down after 430 new breweries opened in the UK in 2017, the latest figures from HMRC reveal.

Some of Britain’s biggest store chains are plotting major overhauls as they battle to survive the crisis on the High Street.

The Government has pledged up to £100million to develop new technologies to resist cyber attacks.

More than a third of small companies did not invest in their business in the final quarter of the year, figures show, as Brexit-related uncertainty weighed heavily.

The FTSE 100 closed down 0.9% or 62.12 points at 6,747.10 as investors continue to worry about the state of US-China trade relations and tomorrow's Brexit vote.

Flybe shares jumped by nearly 30 per cent after it confirmed reports published at the weekend that one of its largest shareholders wants to remove chairman Simon Laffin over its proposed cut-price sale.

Tesco, the UK's biggest supermarket, has confirmed reports that it will swing the axe on thousands of jobs across its stores and head office.

Shares in Utilitywise, an energy and water broker, crashed 64 per cent as it put itself up for sale after failing to raise funds from investors.

Mike Ashley could add Patisserie Valerie to his rapidly expanding High Street empire.

Nissan has said it is co-operating with an investigation by the US financial regulator.

Metro Bank could be forced to tap investors for £300million after an accounting error blew a hole in its balance sheet.

Ocado's shares jumped as much as 6.4 per cent in early trading yesterday amid reports of a potential deal with Marks & Spencer.

An accountant responsible for a string of scandals has claimed that the audit market is 'broken'.

The US has lifted sanctions on EN+ after it agreed to reduce Oleg Deripaska's domination.

The publisher of Vogue is launching an online-only magazine focused on fashion as a business.

Dixons Carphone is still in bargain-basement territory, according to analysts at Morgan Stanley, notwithstanding the fact the shares have advanced by around a quarter since January 8.

Burberry’s chief financial officer Julie Brown has been given £1.3million worth of shares as part of an executive share plan.

Oddbins is set to fall into administration for the second time in less than ten years.

The pound has taken a tumble, helping push the FTSE 100 up 1.3 per cent at the close, as the City braces for the outcome of the 'Plan B' Brexit votes, scheduled for this evening.

Shares in Royal Mail plunged this morning after the company said that a continued decline in letter volumes is likely to get worse than previously expected and trimmed its profits expectations.

Investing supermarket Hargreaves Lansdown bemoaned 'geopolitical uncertainty, market volatility and weak investor confidence' as it reveals the total amount of assets under its watch has slipped.

Housebuilder Crest Nicholson said profits fell 15 per cent as a slowdown in the London market and Brexit uncertainty have taken their toll.

Domino's sold more than 535,000 pizzas in the UK on the Friday before Christmas, helped by the popularity of its cheeseburger pizzas, but it has struggled to have the same success abroad.

Mike Ashley is weighing up a multi-million pound bid for an online sofa firm as he continues to add to his retail empire.

A dog-eared staple beloved by 1970s and 80s petrolheads, Auto Trader has come a long way since its creation over 40 years ago by entrepreneur Sir John Madejski.

A Barclays executive begged senior bank boss Rich Ricci for a bonus hours after shareholders signed off the investment deal at the heart of a major fraud trial, a court heard.

Norwegian Air shares plunged after the budget airline asked investors for £270m of emergency funds.

Starbucks boss Howard Schultz's presidential ambitions, as many predicted, are endangering the coffee company's brand.

Shares in Apple rose last night after the US tech giant raked in more than analysts were expecting.

West End landlord Shaftesbury is under a fresh pressure from its largest shareholder, Hong Kong billionaire Samuel Tak Lee, who has launched a renewed attack on the firm.

Lord Lucan's son has taken the helm at a Home Counties-focused oil and gas company after its managing director was ousted in a boardroom bust-up.

French luxury goods group LVMH clocked up record sales amid soaring demand for champagne and couture clothing.

Royal Mail shares crashed to a record low yesterday in a major blow to postal workers and savers with money tied up in the company.

Over a third of shareholders atCYBG, the company that owns Clydesdale and Yorkshire Bank, have voted against the bumper pay packages of the group's bosses.

The pound, which dropped sharply last night, is a touch firmer this morning at around $1.30, and will remain in focus as Prime Minister Theresa May attempts to takes her Brexit withdrawal plan back to the EU for renegotiation.

Santander UK saw its pre-tax profits fall by 14 per cent to £1.6billion in the last year, as it battles against 'continued income and cost pressures.'

Lloyds Banking Grouphas confirmed it is axing 270 more jobs, in a move blasted by trade union Unite as 'appalling.'

Wizz Airhas revealed its quarterly profits fell by nearly 90 per cent, even though its customer numbers rose sharply.

The London Stock Exchange has bought a 4.9 per cent stake in Belgian trading firm Euroclear, which gives it a valuable foothold on the Continent ahead of Brexit.

Apple chief Tim Cook is under sustained pressure as the firm continues to report tumbling iPhone sales.

Beancounter Grant Thornton faced a battering over its handling of scandal-hit Patisserie Valerie's accounts as investors prepared to sue the cafe chain.

Royal Mail’s chief executive Rico Back bought almost £400,000 worth of shares on the day they touched a record low.

Santander could cut more branches next year, on top of 140 closures in 2019.

Beancounter Deloitte has been fined £409,000 for failing to uncover a massive corruption scandal at Malaysia’s sovereign wealth fund 1MDB.

Prestigious London restaurant The Wolseley posted a fall in sales amid fierce competition and rising costs.

It looks like more Brits are set to holiday abroad this summer than last.

Metro Bank was forced to come clean about an accounting error after it was discovered by regulators – not by the bank's own staff, as its chief executive had claimed.

Ministers are set to be quizzed over the dismal broadband service being installed in thousands of new homes.

Apple is to cut iPhone prices after boss Tim Cook said they were too expensive.

Homebase, a stalwart of the UK's DIY world, has been the target of multiple takeovers since it was founded by Sainsbury's forty years ago.

Unilever'snew boss kicked off his tenure on a gloomy note today, warning that market conditions in 2019 are likely to remain 'challenging'.

The FTSE 100 is once again in the green on Thursday morning and almost conquered the 7,000 milestone for the first time this year.

London-based estate agencyFoxtonsis expecting its annual earnings to come in 80 per cent lower than a year ago.

Royal Dutch Shell shares are in demand today after the oil giant lifted the lid on its biggest profit haul for four years - beating City expectations.

The boss of electricals retailerAO World, Steve Caunce, has decided to step down from the company 'with immediate effect.'

Telecoms giantBThas warned that a disorderly exit from the EU could have a 'damaging impact on consumer and business confidence.'

Shares inMetro Bankhave fallen over 12 per cent after the group admitted that an accounting error had been initially flagged by official regulators and not its own staff as the lender claimed.

Investors are keenly watching shares in Tesla today following a sharp fall last night after the electric car giant revealed profits missed expectations and its chief financial officer was departing.

Facebook is in investors’ good books after it beat profit and revenue expectations following a year of turmoil.

Sales at H&M surged 8 per cent in the UK last year, driven by a surge in spending online.

Business rates must be overhauled to stop thousands more job losses on the struggling High Street, ministers have been told.

Who'd have thought packaging could be so exciting?

TSB came clean today on the cost of an IT meltdown, which caused chaos for thousands of customers last year.

TSB's botched IT upgrade last year plunged the bank into an annual loss of over £105million, against a profit of £162.7million a year earlier.

Amazon has perturbed investors with a warning that sales in the coming few months will come in below Wall Street's high expectations.

Oddbins became the latest victim the tough retail environment today, collapsing into administration and putting hundreds of jobs at risk.

TalkTalkhas downgraded its annual earning expectations, citing accounting changes and higher levels of investment which will cost it an extra £15million.

Traders have wiped £86m off Talk Talk's value after it warned about the rising costs of expanding its high-speed internet network.

Steve whoooo?

Tainted Grant Thornton has been ordered to pay £21m over an accounting disaster which wrecked a client's business.

Patisserie Valerie has been accused of failing to pay hundreds of staff who lost their jobs last month after it crashed into administration.

The FTSE 100 ended the day above 7,000 for the first time since November, capping off a week in which the index of blue-chip shares advanced around 3 per cent in value.

Metro Bank is facing a legal assault from furious investors after an accounting error wiped £1 billion off its stock price.

What does it do?VPC Specialty Lending lends money, and makes money from the interest charged on these loans.

Littlewoods owner Shop Direct has revealed that money set aside to compensate its shoppers for PPI claims has soared over the past year.

Manchester United legends Gary Neville and Ryan Giggs have reported growing losses at their hotel and restaurant business.

Fashion chain Uniqlo has reported soaring sales as it plans to open its first UK store outside the South East, but warned a chaotic Brexit could hamper its growth.

Holiday firm On the Beach is facing an investor rebellion over a 22 per cent pay hike awarded to its finance chief.

Female entrepreneurs get just £1 of investment from start-up backers for every £99 that goes to men, a damning study reveals.

Workers in their 30s earn £2,100 a year less than people who were their age in 2008 when the financial crisis hit, figures show.

Two British accountancy firms have today completed a merger which makes them the largest player outside the so-called Big Four.

The corporate raider now targeting Barclays previously raked in as much as £146m by breaking up one of Britain's biggest investment firms.

The FTSE 100 managed to close in positive territory above the all-important 7,000 level.

Dutch entrepreneur Fokke de Jong started flogging tailored Italian suits twenty years ago from the boot of his Renault station car.

Patisserie Valerie has attracted interest from numerous bidders, including offers for the entire 206-store chain and ones for parts of it, administrators said today.

Flybe's struggling shares soared today after the company confirmed it held 'initial discussions' with former Stobart boss Andrew Tinkler.

Sales at Google's parent company jumped 21 per cent to more than £30billion in the final quarter of 2018.

Marks & Spencer has been told to take a leaf out of rival Next's book as it struggles to halt declining sales.

Wellies brand Le Chameau is up for sale.

A hedge fund billionaire once embroiled in an insider trading row has lost more than £73million from a share price slump at Metro Bank.

Iron ore miner Ferrexpo was on a downhill slide after launching an investigation into its charitable donations.

Carpetrightsaid today that sales have continued to fall in the last three months, a sign that the challenged floorings firm is not yet out of the woods.

The Footsie jumped to a three-month high today, helped by a rise in heavyweight BP as well a battered pound, which slipped below $1.30 for first time in two weeks after poor figures from the services sector.

Ocado saw revenues and customer numbers increase last year, but losses have widened as it was weighed down by investments in its warehouses and the logistics technology it licenses to retailers.

Furious Flybe shareholders who have lost thousands of pounds as the company's value plummeted have condemned the 'shocking' demise of the airline.

Estate agent LSL will close 124 branches and cut hundreds of jobs in a huge shake-up of its main brands.

Ocado bosses' pay almost trebled last year despite losses at the online supermarket swelling to £45million.

The future of one of the Government's biggest contractors was thrown further into doubt last night as it struggles to seal a rescue deal and avoid a Carillion-style collapse.

Another knock for the beleaguered drugs company Indivior has sent its shares on a downward spiral.

The chairman of Patisserie Valerie has said he is considering suing its former auditor after a £40million accounting black hole pushed the cafe chain into administration.

BP saw profits more than double last year thanks to a rise in oil prices, an uplift in production and previous cost cutting measures coming through.

Luxury beauty firm Estee Lauder raked in £3.1billion of sales in the final three months of last year.

Barratt Developments, the country's largest housebuilder, has revealed a rise in half-year sales and profits as it continues to shrug off the Brexit pressures hitting the wider property market.

Outsourcing groupInterservehas secured a rescue deal with lenders that will see its debt levels slashed to around £275million through the placing of new shares with the business.

It is not only politicians who cannot agree about the potential fallout from Brexit.

One of Apple’s most high-profile executives Angela Ahrendts is stepping down after five years.

The former boss of Barclays, Bob Diamond, is stepping down from his role as chairman of pan-African finance firm Atlas Mara.

Made.com, one of the first firms to start selling items like beds and sofas online, said today that its sales surged by more than a third to £173million last year.

High Street banks and a Scottish pub tycoon are among creditors set to take control of contractor Interserve in a deal to save it from collapse.

Bailed-out Royal Bank of Scotland has won approval from shareholders to buy back its shares from the Government.

Clydesdale and Yorkshire Banks' owner CYBG impressed investors with a better-than-expected trading update, even though critics dismissed the figures as nothing special.

Housebuilders Barratt and Redrow have raked in bumper profits on the back of Help to Buy and low interest rates.

Car firms Daimler and Toyota say they are suffering from a relentless trade war between the US and China.

The corporate raider taking aim at Barclays faces a grilling from the Bank of England if he is voted onto the lender’s board.

The chief executive of Flybe could pocket a bonus package worth almost half what the budget airline is valued at by a takeover bid.

Demand for craft beer and alcohol-free drinks boosted Danish brewer Carlsberg, sending sales up for the first time in three years.

US President Donald Trump has named David Malpass as his candidate to be the World Bank's next president – despite Malpass's vocal criticism of international institutions.

Thomas Cook is exploring options to potentially sell its airline business amid concerns over the company's future.

Thomas Cookis carrying out a 'strategic review' of its airline operations, which could include putting it up for sale.

Coventry-based car group Jaguar Land Rover has posted another quarter of brutal losses as Brexit uncertainty and slowing demand in China take their toll.

Shares in holiday groupTuihave fallen over 17 per cent after the firm cut its annual earnings forecast.

The crisis in the airline industry deepened yesterday as struggling Norwegian Air, Thomas Cook and Flybe were hit by fresh turbulence.

The Bank of England is prepared to intervene if corporate raider Ed Bramson destabilises Barclays, governor Mark Carney has warned.

More than £1 billion has been wiped off the value of Ocado after a fire savaged its warehouse in Hampshire on Tuesday night.

Superdry founder Julian Dunkerton fired more flak at the fashion chain's directors accusing them of presiding over the 'weakest' performance in its 34-year history.

Plummeting pig prices and the cost of opening a chicken factory have pushed down profitability at meat processor Cranswick.

Twitter shares plunged by more than 7 per cent despite the social network finally turning an annual profit.

After opening flat, the FTSE 100 closed down 22.40 points, or 0.3%, at 7,071.18, weighed down by growing China-US trade uncertainty.

SSE has issued another profit warning as it said it now won't be awarded £60million from a government scheme which has been put on hold after an EU court ruling.

Babcock's boss bemoaned a 'nightmare' few months as 150 staff were axed at its shipyard in Scotland.

Security chiefs have raised doubts that the £1.5bn pledged by China's Huawei will be enough to fix critical problems with Britain's telecoms network.

Shaftesbury is facing a showdown with its largest shareholder today over the way the company is run.

Nationwide Building Society, one of Britain's biggest mortgage lenders, said competition in the market hit margins and will continue to do so in the near future as borrowers benefit from 'considerable choice'.

Patrick Soon-Shiong, the South African-born billionaire who made his money through the cancer drug Abraxane (and, more importantly, is part owner of the LA Lakers), has become the latest member of the financial super-elite to go bargain hunting on AIM by snapping up a stake in graphene-based products makerDirecta Plus.

Mike Ashley has tabled a bid for Patisserie Valerie as he looks to expand his High Street empire.

Debenhamsis closing in on a deal with its lenders to save it from collapse.

A big six energy supplier that has lost more than half a million customers in the past year has slammed 'irresponsibly' cheap pricing among smaller rivals that have collapsed.

The bidding war between Visa and Mastercard for payments firmEarthportis heating up.

Well that was all rather unexpected.

HMV will be profitable by the end of the year despite having lost money for almost a decade, said its new owner.

Plumbing tycoon Charlie Mullins has called an end to the search for a new investor in his London business.

The disgraced founder of Quindell claims to have raised £25million to grow his new insurance business – despite his former company still being under criminal investigation.

Royal Bank of Scotland is tipped to announce a £1billion dividend payout this week in a major boost for shareholders – and the taxpayer.

A Tokyo official last night warned that Japanese companies could 'suspend' operations in the UK if Britain exits the EU without a deal – even though the country's firms have collected millions of pounds in UK state aid.

Ocado boss Tim Steiner triggered a highly-ambitious plan to triple the value of his food delivery firm only days before its prized robot-run warehouse was engulfed in flames.

The scandal at Patisserie Valerie has already lost him millions of pounds and damaged his credibility as one of Britain’s top entrepreneurs.

Ryanair boss Michael O'Leary was facing a backlash last night after his new £90million bonus scheme was branded 'ludicrous' by a major investor.

Four bosses of failed energy suppliers have returned to the market to sell gas and electricity to households, it can be revealed.

Personalised cards and gifts company Moonpig has recorded its tenth consecutive year of booming sales growth as the anticipated slowdown in the traditional greeting cards industry fails to materialise.

Sir Martin Sorrell's wife has paid a heartfelt tribute to the embattled businessman nearly a year after he left advertising giant WPP in controversial circumstances.

Debenhams was scrambling to secure a lifeline from its lenders last night in a desperate bid to survive.

Angry investors in Metro Bank have approached lawyers after an accounting gaffe wiped almost £1 billion off its market value.

Bailed-out Royal Bank of Scotland is set to cut its senior staff's bonus pot for the tenth year in a row.

Mike Ashley has pulled his offer to buy bust cafe chain Patisserie Valerie just two days after announcing his interest.

UK households are £1,500 worse off since the EU referendum.

The recent collapse of a raft of high street firms and the downsizing of other retailers mean that nearly 15,000 jobs were lost and over 4,000 remain at risk since Christmas, new analysis has showed.

Just Eat has again come under fire from 2 per cent shareholder Cat Rock Capital, which has called for a merger and complained about recent board appointments.

British Airways' owner has blocked investors outside the European Union from buying its shares – sparking fears UK traders could also be frozen out after Brexit.

Deals are clearly on the agenda for Smith & Nephew, according to JP Morgan Cazenove, which recently had a sit-down with the top brass of the FTSE 100 med-tech giant.

A long-standing Barclays shareholder has blasted US activist investor Edward Bramson's plans to trim back the business's investment bank.

Bosses at some of Britain's biggest firms face a shareholder outcry for topping up their salaries through pension payments.

Petrofac faces a lawsuit from investors that is expected to be worth at least £400million.

Selfridges will shell out £17.4million on business rates for its flagship shop in Oxford Street this year – up £6.48million since 2017.

Apple boss Tim Cook paid an unscheduled call on France’s president Emmanuel Macron at the Elysee Palace in October.

Asda and Sainsbury's proposed £14billion merger is to be scrutinised by watchdogs for an additional two months.

Debenhams shares jumped this morning after the struggling department store secured an extra £40million of funding from its lenders.

Tui shares fell today after the holiday company reported its losses widened in the first quarter.

Shares in Plus500 lost nearly a third of their value today after the Israel-based online trader issued a profit warning.

The  owner of luxury department store Liberty is mulling a £300million sale of the business.

Firms which give their boss a lucrative pension while ordinary staff miss out should pay more tax, a former minister has said.

The folks at UBS appeared to have a case of the munchies as its two substantive pieces of research yesterday focused on the fast food sector.

Britain's cash machine network is 'broken' and in desperate need of an overhaul to protect small businesses and vulnerable families, a top MP has warned.

Demand for 1970s-style velvet jackets and platform trainers helped Gucci owner Kering post a 29 per cent rise in sales to £12billion last year.

The FTSE 100 closed up 0.8% or 57.70 points at 7,190.84, amid rising expectations that the US and China could strike a deal during their trade talks.

Ikea, the Swedish firm best known for its flat-pack furniture and meatballs, is toying with the idea of launching a new, online sales platform that would showcase products from its competitors as well as its own.

'As far as retailers go, Dunelm is in good shape,' one City analyst thundered today after the homewares retailer revealed a sharp rise in profits for the last six months.

Mike Ashley has built up a £1billion war chest to snap up struggling companies as he continues to add to his sprawling empire.

A top executive at Chinese giant Huawei has accused the US of waging a politically-motivated campaign against it.

The owner of sandwich chain Eat is looking to put the business up for sale.

Eurozone factories have seen production slump for the second month in a row, in a fresh sign that a slowdown has gripped the bloc.

Intercontinental Hotels Group has waded further into the luxury holiday market by snapping up resort and spa firm Six Senses for £232million.

Easyjet is eyeing a swoop on the collapsed airline Alitalia in a tie-up with Delta Airlines and Italian rail operator Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane.

The nightmare for Rolls-Royce over faulty jet engines may be almost over, according to analysts at Credit Suisse.

Estate agent Countrywide said profits halved in 2018 as it fought off collapse and struggled with a market slowdown.

Sales at New Look fell 5 per cent in the nine months to December – even as the High Street chain returned to profit after brutal cutbacks.

Gambling giant Paddy Power Betfair has been stung with a £49million tax bill in Greece and Germany.

Nothing will be done to stop taxpayer cash being used to buy toxic leasehold houses for at least two years, ministers have admitted.

Collapsed cake chain Patisserie Valerie has been rescued out of administration after an Irish private equity firm swept in with an eleventh-hour bid.

In company news today, Airbus has taken the 'painful decision' to cease production of its superjumbo A380 aircraft amid dwindling demand.

AstraZeneca'ssales of cancer drugs increased by 50 per cent in the last year, the group's latest results reveal.

British-based energy group Ovo has secured £200million worth of investment from Japan's Mitsubishi Corporation.

Barely has the dust settled on Restaurant Group's takeover of Wagamama and its chief executive Andy McCue is heading for the exit.

Whether it's a king-size mattress, letterbox-friendly wine or a funeral, there's not much you can't buy online these days.

Turmoil over Brexit is costing the country £800m a week, a top Bank of England official claims.

Concerns over the power balance at investment firm Ashmore have flushed out one of the Square Mile's most low-key billionaires.

A Chinese takeover of a major British payments firm has sparked national security concerns.

Door-to-door beauty firm Avon plunged to a £17m loss last year.

Web titan Amazon is to launch a checkout-free shop in the UK.

Traders wiped nearly £92m off the value of The Restaurant Group (TRG) after its chief executive revealed he is stepping down for personal reasons.

Humbled entrepreneur Luke Johnson has suffered a £183m loss after his scandal-hit cake chain Patisserie Valerie was rescued by an Irish private equity firm.

A vital security check that could stop millions of people from being scammed will not now be fully introduced until late next year.

AstraZenecahailed the success of new drugs and strong performance in China as it returned to sales growth for the first time in a decade.

A couple of companies on AIM have been caught up in the US-Irancrossfire this week.

Oil prices have reached their highest level since 2014 after US presidentDonald Trumppulled the plug on US involvement in theIrannuclear deal.

The Royal Bank of Scotland has unveiled its second successive year in the black and a £1.6billion final dividend, resulting in a near £1billion windfall for the taxpayer.

Royal Bank of Scotlandsaw its profits more than double last year, providing shareholders with a dividend for the first time in a decade.

Retail sales bounced back strongly last month as shoppers shelved economy uncertainty and splashed out in the Boxing Day Sales.

Stobart Groupyesterday celebrated a High Court win against its former chief executive and rebel shareholder Andrew Tinkler.

Profits atRoyal Bank of Scotlandmore than doubled to £1.6billion last year – paving the way for a bumper dividend pay-out.

The New York Stock Exchange had never had to be shut down before, which was hardly surprising.

Optimism around the US-China trade talks and surprisingly good January retail figures cheered the FTSE 100 on to a four-month high as the week closed.

Barclaysis set to reveal a hefty profit plunge next Thursday while facing mounting criticism from activist investor Edward Bramson.

Tainted bean-counter Grant Thornton is still auditing Mike Ashley's accounts, despite being attacked for its work at the Sports Direct founder's firm.

US bank Citigroup is looking to buy its London skyscraper offices for a reported £1.2 billion.

Star cybersecurity firm Darktrace has been dragged into the bitter legal battle between tycoon Mike Lynch and US authorities.

A cancer therapy centre company backed by Neil Woodford is plotting a £320m float.

High Street tycoon Philip Day is eyeing up shops that will be closed by Marks & Spencer.

After a flat open, the FTSE 100 closed down 0.2 per cent, or 17.21 points at 7,219.47.

Shares in struggling Footasylum almost doubled after rival JD Sports splashed out £4.3 million on an 8.3 per cent stake in the business.

Reckitt Benckiser's outgoing boss insisted he was worth every penny of his lavish pay having picked up almost £90 million since taking the top job.

Shares in the carpet company that supplies the Royal households fell nearly 15 per cent after it warned profits will be lower than previously thought.

Gold mining expert Richard Duffy is turning his hand to precious gems as he becomes boss of Petra Diamonds.

Major banks on the Continent will be able to carry on using London for £60 trillion of crucial trading activity even if there is a No Deal Brexit.

Efforts to tackle poor mobile coverage in rural Britain have been hampered after a row broke out between network providers.

Angling Direct will post higher sales than expected this year after more demand from international customers.

Profits at McColl's more than halved as the collapse of wholesaler Palmer & Harvey took its toll.

Investors inPlus 500were nursing their fifth consecutive day of losses as the fallout from its £80 million accounting error continued.

Pearson has sold its US school textbook business for £193 million.

A leading Barclays shareholder has ditched its £600 million stake in the bank – dealing a blow to boss Jes Staley as he battles a corporate raider.

The UK bluechip index went deeper into the red this afternoon to close down 0.6 per cent at 7,179.

Holiday Inn and Crowne Plaza ownerInterContinental Hotels Grouprevealed its profits dropped by a quarter last year as it splashed out on a company shake-up and expanded at the quickest rate for a decade.

Asda, the UK's third biggest supermarket, unveiled its seventh consecutive quarter of sales growth today, but the rate of growth halved to 1 per cent as the chain battled with a 'highly competitive market'.

Shopping centre owner Intu has fallen prey to hedge funds betting on a fall in its share price.

GlaxoSmithKline boss Emma Walmsley has handed her husband shares in the company worth £1.6million.

HOTEL operator Intercontinental Hotels Group hiked its dividend and handed £530million to investors after Chinese customers boosted sales.

Asda sales have been slowing as it awaits a crucial decision on its £14billion tie-up with Sainsbury's.

Credit card companies are holding back more than £50million of customer payments from troubled airline Flybe, industry sources have told the Daily Mail.

Vegan sausage rolls are bringing home the bacon for Greggs, as the bakery chain posted ‘exceptional’ sales growth for the start of 2019.

Upmarket maternity and babywear retailer JoJo Maman Bebe has defied the High Street gloom with bumper sales growth.

The competition watchdog has dealt a crushing blow to the chiefs of Sainsbury's and Asda today by ruling that the supermarkets' proposed merger raises 'extensive competition concerns'.

Sainsbury'sand Asda's planned merger has been thrown into serious doubt this morning after competition watchdog the CMA issued a damning assessment of the proposed deal.

Lloyds Banking Groupshareholders will receive a slice of a £4billion dividend payout for the last year, its latest results statement revealed.

Intu Properties, which has been jilted by two potential buyers in the last year, swung to a huge full-year loss last year and has decided to scrap its final dividend.

Shares in budget airlineFlybesurged by over 140 per cent this morning after the group appeared to snub a proposed rescue deal by rival airline Mesa Air Group, which was supported by former Stobart boss Andrew Tinkler.

Sainsbury's boss Mike Coupe is fighting for his future after the grocer's proposed £14billion merger with Asda was declared 'dead in the water'.

Beleaguered shopping centre owner Intu has scrapped its full-year dividend after the value of its property empire tumbled by £1.4billion.

The chief executive of mining and commodities trading giant Glencore will bag £186million in dividends this year.

One of Just Eat's largest shareholders has renewed its attack on the takeaway company, in a blistering criticism of management.

A star banker who worked for Goldman Sachs will be tried in Malaysia over a £2.1billion fraud scandal.

Lloyds is doling out £4billion to investors and is launching a massive expansion in the pensions market.

Many people dream of opening their own shop, or coffee bar or restaurant, but fall at the first hurdle: sky-high property costs.

Barclayshas set aside £150million to cover the potential fallout from Brexit, its latest annual results revealed.

Banking giant Barclays said its profits slipped 1 per cent to £3.49billion last year as it paid out £2.2billion in conduct and litigation charges.

Centrica - the firm behind British Gas - suffered a sharp drop in its shares today after the energy giant's annual results undershot City expectations.

Online estate agencyPurplebrickshas seen its share price fall over 35 per cent after cutting its revenue forecast for the year.

BAE shares tumbled after it warned Germany's ban on weapons sales to Saudi Arabia may hit one of its biggest export deals.

Struggling airline Flybe thrashed out a deal last night to sell its business to Connect Airways, the consortium which includes Virgin and airport owner Stobart Group.

Huawei has pledged to bring forward plans to address British security concerns within four months.

Uber Eats has trained its sights squarely on British rivals Deliveroo and Just Eat, announcing a major UK expansion as the battle of the takeaway firms ramps up.

The corporate raider fighting to shake up Barclays suffered a huge setback last night after one of his biggest backers rubbished his plans.

Manufacturing in the eurozone is declining at its steepest rate in more than six years as output from German factories tumbles.

Shares in the owner of British Gas crashed to a 16-year low on fears that its dividend will be cut.

One of Sainsbury's leading shareholders has accused the supermarket of 'blowing money and credibility' on its planned merger with Asda.

Standard Chartered bank has set aside £690million to pay fines in the US and UK over misbehaviour stretching back more than a decade.

It was a busy day of M&A, with two takeovers dominating the City news agenda.

Shares in Cathedral City and Clover maker Dairy Crest shot up nearly 13 per cent in early trading today after the firm agreed a £975million takeover by Canadian diary firm Saputo.

The foundations of online estate agencyPurplebrickshave been shaken in more ways than one this week after a profit warning was accompanied by not one, but two prominent resignations.

It's 20 minutes into my meeting with Wol Kolade, the private equity kingpin, before I bring up the thorny subject of Brexit.

Softwaregiant Micro Focus and its executives are being sued by investors in America over their botched £6.5 billion takeover of assets from Hewlett Packard Enterprise.

The owner of British Airways last night hit out at Heathrow for paying another £500 million in dividends to the airport's foreign investors while it heaps costs on customers.

An Australian investment group dubbed the 'Vampire Kangaroo' is in advanced discussions to buy one of Britain's largest care home companies for more than £2 billion.

The Bank of England has been known informally as The Old Lady of Threadneedle Street for more than 200 years.

Nick Candy – the spouse of pop singer Holly Valance – has hit repeat on his investment in podcast platform Audioboom.

Online estate agent Emoov failed to tell crowdfunding investors it was losing £3 million a month before its collapse.

Sainsbury's workers suffered a £76.9 million paper loss on their shares last week after the supermarket's proposed merger with Asda faced a major setback.

Britain's biggest charities stand accused of 'misleading' donors by including money spent on executive pay, public relations and support services in the sum they say goes to the causes they represent.

Business Secretary Greg Clark has launched a last-ditch attempt to persuade Honda to stay in the UK – and may offer the Japanese car giant millions of pounds of taxpayer cash.

Leading Brexiteer Crispin Odey has launched a bitter attack on Germany's financial regulator after it banned investors from betting against German payment giant Wirecard.

One of Britain's largest same-day courier companies is set to be sold for up to £250 million by an investment company backed by Lloyds Banking Group.

The bosses of Britain's biggest banks trousered £17.9 million between them last year as profits rose across the industry.

Taxpayers picked up a £298 million bill for a wave of insolvencies last year, with payouts to redundant staff soaring to the highest level for five years.

The chairman of struggling fashion and home retailer Laura Ashley has lashed out at reports that it could be taken into private ownership in an audacious takeover bid.

Huawei has unveiled a series of new laptops and phones featuring similar specs to Apple's iPhone and Macbook that are a third cheaper than their rivals.

Private equity giant KKR is eyeing a swoop on Asda as its merger with rival Sainsbury's edges close to collapse.

The FTSE 100 just about managed to end the day in the green -  5.14 points higher at 7,183.74.

Primark warned that sales are on the slide after the High Street suffered what was described as the worst November on record.

The accounting watchdog is gearing up to fine KPMG millions of pounds for its work supervising the Co-operative Bank’s accounts.

Legal & General has added another woman to its senior team with the appointment of a chief executive to run its investment management arm.

Ambitious oil veteran Andrew Austin's Rock Rose Energy looks set to be catapulted from the ranks of the minnow to the mid-caps following a deal that reflects the changing face of the North Sea.

Britain and the US have agreed a deal that will ensure trading in the multi-billion-pound derivatives market continues no matter the outcome of Brexit talks.

Daily Mirror publisher Reach has swung to a full-year loss after being stung by hefty pension and impairment charges.

Hiscox beat forecasts to triple profits last year despite a string of natural disasters, as it insisted it is ready for Brexit.

Audioboom's shares surged after it clinched another £1.5million from investors including property tycoon Nick Candy.

Hammerson has plunged into the red following a disastrous year for the firm and its bosses.

Shares in Persimmon tumbled yesterday as the embattled company prepared to install a new chief executive following a damaging row over fat-cat pay.

New store openings and bumper sales of a new hot chocolate maker helped sweeten Hotel Chocolat's performance in the last six months of 2018.

The pound was on the up today as a delay to Brexit looked more likely.

Marks & Spencer is considering launching a national online grocery delivery business through a tie-up with Ocado, it has confirmed.

I have never defaulted on a loan.

Laura Ashley has knocked back a £20million bid to buy the retailer, branding it 'opportunistic and unsolicited'.

A takeover bid for Provident Financial faces a competition probe over concerns it could harm customers.

The accountancy watchdog has extended its probe into KPMG's audit of Carillion for the second time, in a fresh blow to the firm.

Defence companies Meggitt and Babcock yesterday revealed the £15million cost of their preparations for a No Deal Brexit.

Marks & Spencer is poised to bag a crucial deal with Ocado as chairman Archie Norman tries to revive the struggling retailer.

The boss of Metro Bank is giving up his annual bonus over an accounting error which triggered claims he had misled the market.

There’s a £1billion question hanging over the future of BT, which has prompted a leading City broker to downgrade shares in the telecoms giant.

Britain's blue chip FTSE 100 index is to get a seventh female chief executive as Penny James takes over at insurer Direct Line.

Ocado and Marks & Spencer have confirmed the creation of a joint venture, in a move which the companies say will transform online grocery shopping.

After weeks of speculation,during which one of Ocado's distribution centres burned to the ground,High Street stalwart M&S has stuck its neck out and penned a deal with Ocado that will enable it to sell its groceries nationwide for the first time.

Santander UK's boss was Britain's best-paid bank chief in 2018, netting £6.4million.

Struggling support services provider Interserve has sweetened the terms of its rescue deal to placate shareholders.

The chemicals company owned by Britain's richest man, Sir Jim Ratcliffe, has announced a bumper £1billion investment in the UK's energy industry this year.

ITV said Brexit worries are hitting advertising revenues, with boss Carolyn McCall warning of uncertainty.

This may sound a little unfair, but fund manager Neil Woodford has finally got something right, even if it has taken almost five years.

Shares in Metro Bank crashed to an all-time low after regulators launched a probe into an accounting blunder.

Booming demand for Star Wars and Harry Potter sets boosted business at Lego last year.

Mining giant Rio Tinto announced a record cash return to shareholders, including a £3billion special dividend, after posting a 56 per cent jump in its annual profits.

Marks & Spencer's shares plunged after shareholders were spooked by its 'extravagant' delivery tie-up with Ocado.

Shares in Aston Martin Lagonda veered off-road in early trading today as the luxury car maker's debut results as a listed company left a bad taste in investors' mouths.

British Airways owner International Consolidated Airlines Group (IAG) has posted an uplift in full-year sales and profits, despite challenges in the airline sector.

British Airways and Iberia owner International Consolidated Airlines Group (IAG) has seemingly overcome a triad of challenges in the airline sector to report rising profits and sales.

Foxtonsslumped to a pre-tax loss of £17.2million last year, down from a profit of £6.5million the year before.

The Co-operative Bank's adjusted loss before tax increased from £140.3million to £140.7million in the last year, as it battles to restore order to its balance sheet.

Mark Carney is on a mission to dispel the Bank of England's elitist image.

A British company growing cannabis for medicinal use in Jamaica is considering an initial public offering on AIM later this year.

A summer heatwave helped boost profits at Rentokil to £308million amid strong demand for rat-catchers.

Rolls-Royce plunged into the red with a loss of £2.9billion in 2018 as it took a hit from one-off charges related to faulty aircraft engines.

 Aston Martin Lagonda shares crashed to an all-time low as it suffered annual losses of £68.2million.

Shares in British satellite group Inmarsat surged after reports said a US rival has lined it up as a takeover target.

British Airways owner IAG is giving shareholders £600million in dividends after profit and revenues soared.

The travails of advertising giant WPP are ongoing.

William Hillslumped to a statutory pre-tax loss of over £721million in the last year, against a profit of £146.5million the year before.

Royal Dutch Shellhas revealed it is facing potential criminal charges in the Netherlands over allegations made by the Nigerian government relating to a $1.3bn oil deal.

Shares in online property portal firmRightmovehave fallen over 6 per cent despite the group posting an 11.3 per cent rise in annual profits.

Revolution Bars, which has 79 sites in the UK, has decided to shelve its expansion plans and focus on improving its existing cocktail bars instead.

Doorstep lender Morses Club is poised to swoop on businesses that could be sold during a takeover battle for rival Provident Financial.

Shares in Tesla plunged nearly 9 per cent after it announced showroom closures and slashed the price of its flagship vehicle.

Superdry's founder has demanded shareholders are given a vote on his plan to return to the ailing fashion chain's board.

Customers are sticking with the London Stock Exchange and have not been put off because of Brexit, its boss has said.

Ivan Glasenberg, the chief executive of Glencore, took home £1.5million in 2018, the commodities trader’s recent annual report shows.

Jaguar Land Rover is poised to invest hundreds of millions of pounds into UK plants as part of a push towards electric cars, it was claimed last night.

What is it?

Publishing group Relx was among the biggest blue-chip losers after the University of California cancelled its multi-million-pound academic journals contract.

City deals don’t get much bigger than this: a tie-up between two of Britain’s best known FTSE 100 companies.

Potential rescuers of LK Bennett could close as many as half the fashion chain’s stores unless founder Linda Bennett can raise funds to seal a last minute rescue plan.

Entertainment giant Disney played an ‘essential part’ in luring footballers and celebrities into a major tax avoidance scheme and could be dragged into a £300million lawsuit, say lawyers representing the investors.

Thenumber of businesses being wound up has soared to the highest level for five years as firms fight to deal with rising interest rates and Brexit disruption.

Vodafoneis in talks to launch 5G at Manchester United’s Old Trafford stadium, The Mail on Sunday understands.

Britain's  biggest care home operator is in talks to hand control to a property investment firm in a deal worth £1billion.

Insurance giantsAvivaandLegal & Generalare poised to announce higher profits this week as they reap the benefits of a sharp slowdown in improvements to life expectancy.

Millionaire plumber Charlie Mullins paid himself £3.3million in dividends last year, new accounts show.

Theywere billed as the fresh young upstarts of the energy market, rubbing shoulders with other tech-savvy entrepreneurs in their trendy Shoreditch offices.

Marks & Spencerchief executive Steve Rowe has launched a broadside against arch rival Waitrose, insisting he can offer ‘better quality and better prices’ as he prepares for his new food delivery service.

Seriously, do it.’ It’s one of the more unusual demands I’ve received from a chief executive during an interview.

Struggling department store chain Debenhams has put hundreds of roles across its fashion and home departments into consultation, according to reports.

The FTSE 100 closed down 113.77 points at 7497.87 and the pound was at $1.27 against the dollar.

Gem companies including De Beers have appointed a tech guru to run a digital ledger that ensures their sparklers are not fakes or blood diamonds.

Royal Bank of Scotland confirmed today that its chief financial officer Ewen Stevenson will step down at the end of September to take up a post at rival bankHSBC.

Wetherspoons will ditch more European suppliers within weeks as it prepares for Brexit.

A document published by House of Fraser administrators at EY has revealed that the retailer went bust owing unsecured creditors, including Prada, Armani and Diesel, £484million, before it was snapped up by Sports Direct.

Bob Diamond, the former Barclays chief once dubbed the ‘unacceptable face of banking’, has come under attack from investor groups ahead of his new bank’s annual meeting.

Estate agents could be next on the high street casualty list, as they grapple with a stagnating housing market and online rivals like Purplebricks moving onto their turf.

30-year-old High Street chain Fat Face is still smiling, despite ongoing travails in the fast-changing retail sector.

Homebase has bolstered its leadership team with two heavyweight DIY industry appointments as it gets started on an major turnaround under new ownership.

A well-connected oligarch who counts Tony Blair and Sir Elton John as friends has quietly snapped up a quarter of a London-listed oil firm he tried to buy seven years ago.

Two major credit ratings agencies have downgraded Turkey, predicting the collapse in the currency will trigger a recession.

The bosses of Britain’s top housebuilders have cashed in £300million worth of shares between them over the past year.

The FTSE 100 closed up 58.51 points at 7556.38 as news of fresh trade talks between the US and China helped to calm investor sentiment.

Upmarket handbag maker Mulberry has warned that profits could take a £3million hit as a result of flagging UK sales, particularly in House of Fraser, where it operates 21 concessions and which is being restructured by new owner Sports Direct.

Mulberry became the first House of Fraser concession partner to come clean on the cost of the department store chain's collapse today, admitting that its bottom line would be dented by around £3million.

B&Q has seemingly rebounded from an icy first quarter, as an extended period of warm weather gave the DIY retailer's sales a lift.

Balfour Beatty has seen its profits quadruple from £12million to £50million for the six months to the end of June, it revealed today.

EVR Holdingsstole the show this week after it teamed up with popstar Liam Payne, whose gig later this month will be the first ever to be live-streamed on the firm’s MelodyVR virtual reality platform.

John Lewis’s 83,000 staff are expected to see their annual bonus slashed when it reveals a drop in full-year profits on Thursday.

Rolls-Royce is seeking to sell most of its civil nuclear business in a deal that could be worth as much as £200 million.

Anya Hindmarch, the luxury handbag brand favoured by the Duchess of Cambridge, has been put up for sale by the Qatari royal family's investment fund.

The chief executive of Brazilian mining giant Vale has temporarily stepped down after one of its dams collapsed in January, killing 186 people.

Lord Browne, the former chief executive of BP, is returning to the global oil business with a stock market float that could come as soon as next year.

The UK bluechip index was in the green today and closed up 0.4 per cent, as China and the US are said to be close to reaching a trade deal.

Premier Foodschief executive Gavin Darby could be forced to step down amid mounting pressure from shareholders calling for his head.

Shareholder protest votes against company auditors have taken off since the financial crisis.

British satellite maker Inmarsat has fought off interest from an American suitor – but could still fall into the hands of a foreign predator.

Mining giant Glencore is to buy back nearly £800million worth of shares in a bid to shore up confidence after a corruption investigation saw stock fall more than 12 per cent.

Accounts for the property group run by billionaire brothers Richard and Ian Livingstone have cemented their position as one of the country's richest families.

The founders of the Eat chain plan to resign following a restructuring that has resulted in the closure of almost 10 per cent of its sandwich shops.

Profits at craft beer firm Brewdog plunged to less than £1million last year as it splashed out on opening a brewery in America and a vodka and gin distillery.

Unemployment in the US rose to 4 per cent last month in a blow to Donald Trump.

The World Cup and Love Island – two of the most unavoidable fixtures on television this summer – were keeping ITV head and shoulders above its FTSE 100 peers yesterday.

Rescue backers are in talks to plough in an extra £50million to save Carillion's crisis-hit hospital project in Liverpool.

Rolls-Royce is selling the bulk of its troubled marine business to Norwegian rival Kongsberg for £500m.

Brexit donor Arron Banks has registered a firm to pay tax in the UK after coming under fire for his opaque finances.

Not since an ill-fated bottlenose whale took a wrong turn and got stranded in 2006 has a visitor to the Thames attracted so much rubber-necking.

Purplebricks racked up operating losses of £21.3m last year, up from £5m the year before, despite revenues at the flat-fee online estate agent rocketing more than 100 per cent.

The ex-boss of Stobart Group has been kicked off the ballot for re-election to the board as the fight for control of the company reaches boiling point.

The owner of Mr Kipling, Premier Foods, is under pressure to sell its lucrative Batchelors soup brand amid a spat between the group's chief executive and its second-largest shareholder.

The row over the future of Stobart Group descended into farce last night as the board refused to reveal the results of a fiery annual meeting.

Shares in online estate agent Purplebricks were looking a little grey yesterday as losses widened amid an ongoing row over how many houses it actually sells.

Former Tory party treasurer Michael Spencer is braced for a fiery end to his City reign as he faces a shareholder revolt over an £18.6million bonus from his trading firm.

Hedge funds are cashing in on the war on plastics by shorting shares in packaging giantRPC.

Retailers have suffered a dismal start to the year, according to a survey which found retail sales fell for the fifth consecutive month in June.

A gale is blowing through the UK High Street, and the retail and casual dining industries are feeling the sting.

Stobart's finance boss Richard Laycock resigned just hours ahead of today's contentious annual general meeting Rolls-Royce fetched £500m for its Commercial Marine business in a sale to to Norwegian firm Kongsberg.

FIN CITYEdinburgh will be overtaken by Manchester to become the country’s second-largest finance hub if it continues to grow at the current pace, a study by The City UK has found.

Ocado has recruited the former director of Virgin Atlantic and Porsche Cars, Julie Southern.

Adidas is to relaunch a series of styles from the Eighties and Nineties to tap in to the trend for retro fashions.

CARDIFF HOTELBudget hotel operator Easyhotel has bought a site in Cardiff and has planning permission at Fitzalan Place for a 120-bedroom hotel to open in 2019-20.

Serge Crasnianski, 76 Chief executive, Photo-Me The boss of Photo-Me has seen his pay more than halved after posting a profit warning.

Shop display maker SP Group has collapsed with 371 jobs at risk as the retail crisis continues.

Ailing Deutsche Bank is axing free daily fruit supplies for its staff as it cuts costs.

Julian Dunkerton has pocketed £71million after selling 5.5m shares, taking his holding down to 15.1m, or 18.5 per cent.

Joules - the brand known for its bright wellies and outdoor clothing - revealed higher than expected profits for the year today, making it a bright spot on the otherwise largely bleak retail horizon.

BITCOIN BOOSTProfits at online trading firm IG jumped 31 per cent to £280.8million in the year to June.

Shopping centre landlord Hammerson has put its entire estate of out-of-town retail parks up for sale as it responds to a dramatic shift in consumer spending habits.

Carmaker Opel-Vauxhall has swung back into the black under its new French owners.

Poundworld UK has been purchased byDublinretailing family the Hendersons, who opened Ireland's original Poundworld store in 1984.

The Europe-wide carbon dioxide shortage left drinks firm Britvic unable to make the most of a surge in demand due to hot weather.

Britain's love affair with gin drove up sales of Fevertree’s high-end tonic water boosting its market value to more than £4.2billion.

It’s the claim he will be hoping he will not regret as millions jet off on holiday.

A £130million legal showdown is looming over claims British mobile companies colluded to sink Phones 4U.

Greedy card companies which charge huge fees to retailers face a crackdown.

Paperchase is preparing to close up to 28 of its 145 stores in the latest blow to the High Street.

Debenhams has accused Mike Ashley of 'pure mischief making' in a fresh attack on the Sports Direct tycoon.

Aviva has appointed insider Maurice Tulloch as chief executive on a £6 million pay deal, after its former boss was ousted in a boardroom coup.

Around 340 jobs are at risk at Giraffe and Ed's Easy Diner as parent firm Boparan Restaurant Group prepares to axe almost a third of the sites.

Metro Bank's founder Vernon Hill has spent more than £750,000 on shares in the lender after its value crashed over an accounting error.

Interserve's biggest shareholder has tabled a rescue plan for the troubled contractor.

Anglo American's chief executive more than doubled his pay in 2018 – taking home a whopping £14.7 million.

US miner Newmont rejected a £14 billion hostile bid from Canada's Barrick Gold as a war of words broke out between the two firms.

Shares in British Airways parentIAGnose-dived after the group told investors its free cash flow would fall this year.

The founder of Ted Baker has been forced to quit after he was accused of harassing staff and overseeing a culture of 'forced hugs'.

Admiral, the Elephant and Confused.com owner, hailed an impressive jump in profits for the first half of the year, despite its home insurance arm being chilled by the Beast from the East.

The FTSE 100 closed down 30.81 points at 7611.64 and the pound was at $1.27 against the dollar.

Ailing department store House of Fraser went into administration on Friday – but it was not to suffer the same fate as fallen High Street counterparts Toys R Us, Maplin or Poundworld.

The FTSE 100 ended the day up 0.7 per cent, helped by a softer pound.

Gambling firm GVC said 2018 was a 'transformational' year thanks to its acquisition of Ladbrokes and its joint venture with MGM resorts in the US as it posted rising full-year sales and profits.

Shares in troubled retailerDebenhams tumbled 12 per centon Tuesday morning to less than 3 pence per share, as the firm issued a fresh profit warning.

Britain's crucial services sector has confounded gloomy forecasts of a retraction in activity to register growth in February.

Brexit is driving a shift in shopping behaviour, research has found, with consumers holding back on non-essential spending and stockpiling food as the possibility of no-deal Brexit looms.

Struggling fashion firm Superdry is considering swinging the axe on up to 200 jobs as it seeks to cut costs.

A price cap on rent-to-own goods will save customers millions of pounds per year on the cost of everyday products such as fridges, cookers and televisions, from next month.

With shares languishing at nine-year lows and a £26billion debt pile, Vodafone had to get creative in its latest money-raising scheme.

After 110 years of family ownership, British car maker Morgan is being bought by a European private equity firm.

Sainsbury’s has been named the worst performing supermarket in Britain just days after it suffered an embarrassing blow to its planned £14billion merger with Asda.

Fashion chain Jack Wills posted a £1.5million fall in sales in a year which saw a mass exodus of directors.

AstraZenecaboss Pascal Soriot has trousered £11.4million in annual pay, a rise of nearly 9 per cent after it returned to sales growth.

Millionaire Sir Peter Wood has spent £11.3million on stock in price comparison website GoCompare in a major vote of confidence for the business.

Ailing outsourcer Interserve has attacked a rogue investor plotting a boardroom coup.

Debenhams' future is 'hanging in the balance' after a fourth profit warning in just over a year.

London-listed fast food marketplace Just Eat said its sales and profits revved up in 2018 as it targets revenues of £1billion this year.

Just Eat Group appears to be holding its ground against newer rivals Deliveroo and Uber Eats in the hotly fought food delivery war.

Staff at John Lewis and Waitrose find out this morning if their bonuses have been slashed as the group fights the crisis on the High Street.

The boss of shopping centre firm Hammerson has been given £1.3million of shares.

Box maker DS Smith is selling its plastics division for £450million as part of its strategy to be more environmentally-friendly.

Shares in Burberry suffered after the luxury clothing company fell out of fashion with Goldman Sachs analysts.

There is nothing like a mixed martial arts bout to liven up the Square Mile.

Redrow boss Steve Morgan has transferred shares in the company worth £27million to one of his children.

Barclays has ditched three board directors in a shake-up under new chairman Nigel Higgins.

Legal and General has become the first British investment manager to look after more than £1trillion of savers' money.

Turnaround group Melrose Industries has started the break up of GKN with the sale of one of its business units.

A war of words has erupted between the doorstep lender Provident Financial and its former boss John van Kuffeler as he mounts a £1.3billion hostile takeover bid.

Shares in high-interest loan firm Amigo fell 3.9 per centafter the City watchdog launched an industry-wide crackdown.

Dressed in overalls and wearing a mask and a cap, ousted Nissan chairman Carlos Ghosn was released on bail after 108 days in a Tokyo jail.

Fashion retailer Quiz became the latest firm to issue a profit warning today after its store sales tumbled more than 11 per cent since the start of the year.

Shares in estate agent groupCountrywidehave fallen over 8 per cent after the group revealed it slumped to a £218.2million loss last year, against a loss of just over £207million a year earlier.

Hyped-up publicity surrounding the launch of a vegan sausage roll helpedGreggsachieve annual sales of over £1billion for the first time last year.

Waitrose will swing the axe on five more supermarkets, it said today, putting 440 jobs at risk.

Struggling fashion firm Quiz sparked an almighty sell off in its shares today as it crushed investors with its second profit warning in as many months.

High-end fashion retailer LK Bennett collapsed into the hands of administrators today, putting around 500 jobs at risk.

Huawei accused the US of acting as ‘judge, jury and executioner’ as it launched a legal fight back against bans on its equipment.

Mike Ashley last night launched an audacious bid to take control of Debenhams.

A top-five shareholder in struggling Interserve has thrown its weight behind the company's proposed rescue deal.

John Lewis’s boss warned that the crisis crippling the High Street will last another ten years as the company slashed bonuses to the lowest level since 1953.

Aviva's new boss is preparing a radical overhaul of the business as he looks to make it simpler and cut unnecessary costs.

Investors cheered solid growth at internet lender Funding Circle amid hopes of a revival in its flagging fortunes.

The stuttering eurozone economy is in worse shape than feared as manufacturers in Germany and elsewhere in the region struggle, according to the European Central Bank.

The City watchdog has waded into the battle for Provident Financial with a stark warning that its customers must not be exploited for higher profits.

Melrose Industries has made a £550million loss following its £8.1billion hostile takeover of British engineering stalwart GKN, largely due to costs related to the deal.

Sports Direct founder and boss Mike Ashley last night made an extraordinary bid to seize control of Debenhams, in which he holds a near-30 per cent stake.

Shares in oil minnowRed Emperor Resourceshave been on a bit of a rollercoaster over the last seven days as a cocktail of news from the Winx-1 exploration well in Alaska has sent them both plunging and soaring.

Greggsis preparing to launch a home delivery service after a successful test run with Deliveroo and Uber Eats.

The bosses of Foxy Bingo ownerGVChave sold shares worth nearly £20million – sending the stock price plummeting.

The high-cost lender seeking to buy rival Provident Financial has unveiled a surge in business.

The boss of West End landlord Shaftesbury has transferred more than £880,000 worth of shares to his husband, Kevin.

Neil Woodford's staggering reliance on stockbroker Hargreaves Lansdown was revealed last night.

Dismal economic figures in Germany and China have sparked fresh fears for global growth.

One of Britain’s oldest holiday companies could be about to change hands in a multi-million pound deal.

Ryanair boss Michael O’Leary infuriated his rivals last night by predicting a series of takeovers that he believes will soon leave just five main airlines operating in Europe.

The bosses of an Aim-listed miner controlled by property tycoon Nick Candy are set for crunch talks with lenders to avert its collapse.

Office Outlet, one of Britain’s largest stationery retailers, has called in advisers to examine restructuring options as market conditions worsen.

Family-owned Timpson Group has recorded a record year after its chain of shoe repairers, photo shops, dry-cleaners and hairdressers hit 2,000 sites.

How many Ryanair passengers have not, at some point on their travels, been frustrated to learn that the airport they are being flown to is more than an hour away from their intended destination?

Challenger banks OneSavings and Charter Court have confirmed they are in advanced discussions about a £1.6billion merger that would create a lender with a larger market value than Metro Bank.

American media giant Disney collected a £430million dividend last year from the UK-registered company which operates its cruise ships.

Software giant Micro Focus faces a shareholder rebellion over a move to give bosses an extra year to hit targets which could allow them to share a £268million bonus bonanza.

Bullring owner Hammerson is selling Tesla and Mercedes cars in an effort to boost declining visitors to its shopping centres.

Troubled outsourcer Interserve faces collapse if it loses a crucial vote on a rescue deal this week.

A bombshell report on a toxic business turnaround unit at Royal Bank of Scotland is expected to be published within days.

Debenhams has confirmed it is in advanced talks to to secure another £150million from its lenders amid a boardroom power grab by Mike Ashley.

Persimmon is suing BT for failing to pay for high-speed internet connections at hundreds of new homes.

The Debenhams saga has taken another twist as the struggling retailer announced it is in talks to secure new funding that would help it resist Mike Ashley's attempt to seize control.

Nissan's scandal-hit former chief Carlos Ghosn has been banned from attending a board meeting at the car maker he saved from ruin two decades ago.

Levi Strauss is preparing to raise up to £450 million in a £4.7 billion float.

Billions of dollars were wiped off the value of Boeing last night after the second deadly crash involving one of its jets in five months.

More than 3,500 City bankers earn over €1 million – or £850,000 – a year, official figures have revealed, with the highest earner picking up £35 million in 2017.

Just three months afterKier'srights issue flopped, shares plunged again as it revealed its debts are £50 million bigger than previously reported.

Tesla has changed its mind over a plan to shut showrooms – and will instead raise vehicle prices.

Superdry has shut the door on co-founder Julian Dunkerton, saying it will be damaging and divisive if he returns to the board.

Another small energy supplier has gone bust, leaving 17,000 households in the lurch.

An activist investor has called an emergency meeting to try to oust the chairman of struggling vehicle hire group Northgate.

Ryanair has threatened to stop UK investors from buying shares in the company and strip them of voting rights if there is a No Deal Brexit.

Shares in Interserve fell yesterday as concerns mounted it will lose a key investor vote and collapse.

The watchdog which oversees Britain’s auditors is to be scrapped and replaced with an independent body.

Ex-Unilever boss Paul Polman was paid £10 million in his final year at the firm.

The boss of British Airways owner IAG has been handed up to £2.1m worth of shares.

Rattled retailer Mothercare is swinging the axe once again, this time ridding itself of its toy business Early Learning Centre (ELC) .

Sterling climbed by more than 2 per cent to reach $1.3290 on Monday evening asTheresa Maysaid she'd agreed 'legally binding' alterations to her deal.

The pound went on a rollercoaster ride over the last 24 hours asTheresa May's chances of getting herBrexitdeal through Westminster were suddenly reversed today.

French Connection, in whichHigh Street-hungry tycoon Mike Ashley holds a 27 per cent stake, said it made a marginal profit of £100,000 in 2018, compared with deep £2.1million losses the year before, thanks to improvements at its wholesale arm.

Profits at fast food chain Domino’s have tumbled amid a battle with its franchisee store owners and troubles overseas.

A raid on Debenhams by Mike Ashley would leave his current company Sports Direct in the hands of an inexperienced finance boss, analysts at Jefferies have warned.

Capitalism is failing because it no longer helps ordinary people, says a top economist seen as a frontrunner to lead the Bank of England.

Cash Isa rates on easy-access accounts have edged up slightly.

Giant technology companies have become too powerful and must be reined in with tougher competition rules, a hard-hitting report warns today.

GlaxoSmithKline boss Emma Walmsley has become the FTSE 100’s best-paid female executive after taking home £5.9million last year.

Advertising giant WPP has recruited the most powerful woman in British tech as a board member as it tries to boost its digital credentials.

The British economy grew more rapidly than expected in January as shoppers kept spending and firms stockpiled goods ahead of Brexit.

Lloyds has put the squeeze on customers to boost its profits to £6billion last year.

Almost 90 per cent of customer complaints about TSB bank were upheld by regulators in the second half of 2018, damning new figures show.

Profits at contractor G4S dived after it handed £100million to US security guards who got no meal or rest breaks.

The company behind a sprawling fertiliser mine in Yorkshire has put its financing plans on hold after it was approached with an alternative deal.

Ahead of today's (rather overshadowed) Spring Statement, and more Brexit votes this evening, the Government has said it will slash tariffs on most goods entering the UK in the event of a no-deal Brexit.

This is Money's team of reporters will be following Chancellor Philip Hammond's speech, gauging the reaction from across the City and trawling the treasury document for any nasty hidden surprises.

The takeaway war is on.

Morrisonshas dished out its third special dividend of the year to shareholders, as it ploughs ahead with its turnaround plan and enjoys growth across its wholesale arm.

Zara owner Inditex posted a jump in sales and profits as shoppers flocked to stores and snapped up statement earrings and animal print skirts.

Veronique Laury’s future as chief executive of B&Q owner Kingfisher looks increasingly uncertain after analysts asked if time was running out for the FTSE 100 boss.

The Chancellor faces losing £11.6billion from his financial war chest because of new rules over how student loans are accounted for.

Doorstep lender Provident Financial could sell some operations or merge with a rival to fend off a hostile takeover.

Philip Hammond has called on the UK's competition watchdog to investigate the murky world of digital advertising.

A new national supercomputer was among science projects awarded more than £200million to boost the UK's technology facilities ahead of Brexit.

Veteran investor Martin Gilbert is standing down as joint chief executive of Standard Life Aberdeen (SLA), leaving his colleague Keith Skeoch solely in charge.

Sports Direct has accused Debenhams of misleading investors after the department store chain rushed out a profits warning just weeks after saying it was on track to meet forecasts.

The break-up of Prudential is continuing at speed, bosses have said.

Big companies will be forced to reveal how long they take to pay small suppliers as part of a crackdown on the 'scourge' of late payments.

Challenger banksOneSavingsandCharter Court Financial Serviceshave agreed the terms of a £1.6billion deal to merge in the hope of creating a 'leading specialist lender.'

Beleaguered retailer Debenhams said today it will give 'careful consideration' to a £150million loan proposal that came from Mike Ashley's Sports Direct late last night.

The extraordinary power struggle between High Street-hungry Mike Ashley and Debenhams reached new heights last night.

High-end estate agencySavillshas warned its performance for the year ahead looks set to be 'overshadowed by macro-economic and political uncertainties across the world.'

The boss of oil and gas giantRoyal Dutch Shellreceived a 126 per cent pay rise last year.

Consumer demand and possible border delays pose sofa groupDFSthe biggest headaches when it comes to Brexit, the company has claimed.

Superdry co-founder Julian Dunkerton has accused the company's management of presiding over a 'catastrophic' decline in the share price over the past year.

Shell sparked a fresh row over fat-cat pay after its chief executive was handed £17.8million last year.

Cineworld’s profits more than doubled as it made its mark in the US following the £2.6billion purchase of rival Regal Entertainment.

Aston Martin’s boss pocketed £3million last year as he steered the luxury car maker to its stock market debut.

The Footsie ended the week 0.6 per cent higher, while the pound had its best week since January as Brexit got delayed.

Interserve is set to fall into administration and into the hands of its lenders after it failed to secure investor backing for a controversial rescue plan.

Shares in Frankie & Benny’s owner The Restaurant Group soared amid signs it is finally turning the corner.

Two High Street bank bosses have had more than £400,000 cut from their annual pension payments amid an investor outcry.

Two foreign hedge funds pushed Interserve into administration – and left 16,500 small shareholders with nothing.

Sir Philip Green is in talks with regulators over the future of his retail empire’s £565million pension black hole.

Bosses at Just Eat have been given shares worth nearly £1.7million.

Mike Ashley has made a grab for LK Bennett just days after it crashed into administration.

Medical cannabis was legalised in November in what was hailed as a landmark moment – in theory, at least.

Kingfisher – the group behind DIY chains B&Q, Screwfix and Castorama – is testing the patience of its investors.

Discount retail giant B&M Bargains is attempting to wriggle out of strict rules designed to stop major chains exploiting food and drink suppliers.

One of Britain’s best-paid female bosses has handed her daughter more than £4million in shares.

The founder of collapsed estate agent Emoov has had online customer reviews about his new business venture removed amid concerns they were 'fabricated'.

An executive at the centre of the accounting scandal at German payment giant Wirecard is facing questions about his claim to have attended a British university.

Hedge funds have dialled up their bets against Vodafone shares to a record £1billion after the telecoms giant raised billions of pounds in debt to fund a megadeal in Europe.

Sir Philip Green’s fashion empire has identified up to 30 potential store closures in a review of the group which owns some of Britain’s most familiar high street names.

A massive bonus scheme which could see Ocado boss Tim Steiner pocket up to £100million is 'excessive' and should be rejected by shareholders, according to an influential investor group.

Eight major companies were last night forced to defend links between their senior directors and the Big Four accountancy giants that audit them.

Stationery chain Office Outlet, formerly known as Staples, is set to appoint administrators this week – the latest retailer struggling ahead of the quarterly rent deadline on March 25.

Interserve was handed £660million of taxpayers’ contracts in the two years before it collapsed, despite three profit warnings.

The Duchess of Cambridge's favourite high street jeweller is on the brink of collapse, putting 500 jobs at risk.

Deutsche and Commerzbank began formal merger talks yesterday in a move that would create Europe's second-largest lender.

Sainsbury's has hit back at the competition watchdog over its findings relating to the supermarket's proposed £14billion merger with Asda.

Salisbury is to become the first entire city in Britain to have ultra-fast broadband with a state-of-the-art connection available to every home and business.

Struggling Moss Bros has appointed Joules boss Colin Porter as chairman.

Scandal-hit Metro Bank is said to face growing pressure from the City watchdog to shake up its board after an accounting error.

One of Debenhams' largest investors has dumped its stock in the ailing department store.

Roman Abramovich's best-known investment might be Chelsea Football Club, but the Russian oligarch is making hay with another holding that's not exactly a household name.

Worldpay is being bought by a US rival in a £32.5bn deal that creates one of the world's largest payment firms.

Three Persimmon bosses have been paid nearly £200m in just two years as they cash in on Help to Buy.

The pound was at $1.33 against the dollar as traders await more news on Brexit, after Speaker John Bercow ruled out a fresh 'meaningful vote' on an unchanged deal.

Bonmarche investors ran for the hills on Tuesday morning after the cut-price womenswear chain admitted its annual losses would be steeper than feared.

Standard Life Aberdeenhas revealed a tribunal ruledLloyds Banking Groupdid not have the right to end a vast £100billion investment contract with the fund manager.

Asos shares tumbled today after its first trading update followingDecember's profit warningshowed the pace of sales growth declined across Europe, while US sales fell.

Office Outlet - the retail chain previously known as Staples - has slumped into administration, putting the future of 1,200 more retail workers at risk.

Sofa and carpet retailer ScS posted a rise in interim profit, but has warned that challenging market conditions are here to stay.

The bosses of Britain's biggest banks are pocketing more than £2million a year in pension payments not available to ordinary workers.

Corporate raider Edward Bramson would be a toxic presence on the board of Barclays and should be kept at arm's length, the bank's bosses have warned.

Kier has made Andrew Davies chief executive to lead a turnaround at the troubled construction giant.

Scandal-hit lender Metro Bank last night faced questions over whether it had omitted key facts when seeking a £120million grant.

A surge in membership put The Gym Group in rude health, with fitness enthusiasts flocking through its doors.

The boss of Lloyds has done a U-turn on a retirement plan which has seen him dubbed 'two-pensions Osorio'.

Sainsbury's has been accused of 'desperation' after it promised £1billion of price cuts in a scramble to get its £14billion merger with Asda approved.

The FTSE 100 closed down 32.99 points at 7291.01 and the pound was at $1.32 against the dollar.

Kingfisher - the DIY group behind B&Q, Screwfix and Castorama - is on the hunt for a new boss, it said today, as it came clean on tumbling full-year profits.

Shares in FTSE 250 satellite communications groupInmarsatrocketed after it said it is considering a £2.5billion takeover bid.

Lloyds boss Antonio Horta-Osorio stands accused of 'obscene symbolism' after his huge pension payments were cut in a botched bid to dodge criticism.

The boss of B&Q owner Kingfisher is being shown the door after a massive fall in profits.

Luxury fashion house Hermes is celebrating soaring profits as wealthy customers continue to splash out on silk scarves and expensive handbags.

Another day, another outsourcer reporting bad news.

Superdry co-founder Julian Dunkerton has insisted he can fix the fashion chain's problems despite investors being told to vote against his proposed return.

Shares in Inmarsat rocketed higher after a group of suitors from the UK and overseas launched a £2.5billion bid for the satellite technology giant.

The US Federal Reserve has been accused of 'kowtowing' to Donald Trump after it scaled back plans for interest rate increases.

Victims of a £1billion bank fraud have been urged to share their stories with retired judge Dame Linda Dobbs as she investigates claims of a cover-up.

The FTSE 100 closed up 64.30 points at 7355.31 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

Next has said lower trade tariffs under a no-dealBrexitcould save it up to £15million and allow it to cut prices for shoppers.

Shares in retailerGame Digitalhave risen over 4.5 per cent this morning after the group posted a 20.3 per cent rise in first-half profits to £14.8million.

Ted Baker sharesare in the red again today, down nearly 6 per cent, after it came clean on a 26 per cent slump in full-year profits.

Billionaire retail tycoon Mike Ashley has renewed his call for a clear out of the Debenhams board as he strives to install himself at the helm of the struggling department store chain.

High Street toy retailer The Entertainer revealed it notched up a 31 per cent surge in profit over the last year.

Ted Baker has vowed to 'learn lessons' from the scandal that led to the resignation of its chief executive.

Consumers withdrew £4.6billion of cash using their credit cards in a year – racking up a £219million bill from interest and charges.

More than half of British blue-chip firms are under fire from shareholders over the massive pension deals handed to bosses.

A developer criticised for shoddy workmanship has promised new home buyers they can hold back some payment until problems with their properties are fixed.

Interest rates have been held at 0.75 per cent by the Bank of England as it waits for a Brexit decision.

Pressure is mounting on the UK’s competition watchdog to investigate the leasehold scandal that has left up to 100,000 families facing crippling ground rents.

Investors are a sceptical bunch, and the City was clearly not quite convinced by Chemring's attempt to reassure the market yesterday.

The New York Stock Exchange relaxed its strict ‘no jeans’ policy yesterday when Levi Strauss floated for £6billion.

Next has become the first major High Street chain to sell more to customers on its website than in its shops.

Government borrowing has fallen to its lowest level in 17 years due to a surge in tax receipts.

Thomas Cook said it will shut down 21 stores across the UK at the cost of 320 jobs as it accelerates its 'efficiency' programme.

Debenhams has quashed Mike Ashley's ambitions of taking control of the department store chain with news that it has a £200million lifeline within its grasp.

Shares ended the day deep in the red in London and across the rest of Europe after a manufacturing data update set off some alarms bells in financial markets.

The FTSE 100 index has tumbled by more than 2 per cent today amid concerns over the economic health of the eurozone and continued uncertainty over Brexit.

Shares in high-cost lenderAmigodropped to a record low as worries mounted that City regulators are preparing to crack down on guarantor loan companies.

Sainsbury'sand Asda have agreed to sell off as many as 150 supermarkets in a desperate bid to get their £14billion merger approved.

A blockbuster High Court trial will next week pit 'the UK's Bill Gates' against one of America's technology titans.

Smiths Grouphas announced plans to spin off its healthcare business next year so it can focus on industrial technology.

A top executive at ailing Deutsche Bank is being paid an extra £214,000 a month for overseeing the lender's Brexit plans.

Debenhamsshareholders are facing wipeout as the department store edges closer to securing a £200million lifeline.

The chairman of bookmakerGVCis stepping down amid investor fury after he sold a £6million stake.

British technology tycoon Mike Lynch last night hit out at 'outrageous' new claims in the US that he laundered money, destroyed documents and paid 'hush money' to cover up an alleged fraud.

Marks & Spencer is sizing up ambitious growth targets that could see the company double the amount of food it sells and propel it into the ranks of Britain's biggest supermarkets.

Bosses at doorstep lender Provident Financial have launched a furious defence against a smaller rival's hostile takeover attempt, dismissing the offer as 'risky and flawed'.

Debenhams will scrap leases that have weighed it down for more than a decade as part of plans likely to be unveiled within weeks.

Debbie Moore is defying the retail gloom with a lucrative new deal to supply Next and by also opening a ‘bigger and better’ Pineapple store.

Corporate raider Melrose has quietly dropped its executive pay adviser Deloitte in a move that may quell shareholder concerns about its primary role as auditor of the firm.

The new boss of BT, Philip Jansen, has become one of Britain's richest executives after a massive windfall.

Software giant Micro Focus faces a mounting backlash over a move to give bosses more time to win £268million of bonuses.

Insurer Legal & General’s investment arm, which employs diversity campaigner Helena Morrissey, has revealed that its gender pay gap increased last year.

Phones retailer Dixons Carphone has sealed a landmark agreement with mobile network operators over contracts it had described as ‘unsustainable’.

Britain's largest specialist wine retailer,Majestic Wine, is set to shut down a number of shops and rebrand as its online brand, Naked Wines, as part of a 'transformation' plan announced today.

Mike Ashley's Sports Direct has launched a fresh attack on Debenhams, saying its proposed restructuring plan was not a 'workable solution', as the tycoon continues to try gain control of the department store.

It has been said that a man makes his own luck and, agree or disagree, that's how a so-called activist views the risky business of investing.

Debenhams said this morning it will give any firm takeover offer from Mike Ashley's Sports Direct 'due consideration,' but it will still continue with separate emergency funding plans.

An entrepreneur dubbed 'Britain's Bill Gates' cooked the books at his software company before it was sold to US buyers for £8.5billion, a court heard yesterday.

It has been a tough six months for backers of The Restaurant Group in the run-up to and following its £550million acquisition of Wagamama.

Two of Britain’s biggest firms have resisted pressure to cut their bosses’ lucrative pension schemes.

Bosses at British satellite firm Inmarsat have backed a £2.6billion takeover that will see it fall into foreign hands.

International Monetary Fund chief Christine Lagarde has called for businesses to pay higher taxes – while a special deal means her own income is tax-free.

The eurozone faces disaster in the next economic downturn because many countries have failed to prepare, a top economist has warned.

Men's apparel firm Moss Bros blamed stock shortages, extreme weather and heavy discounting for swinging to its first loss in eight years.

Ocado shares are an appetising shade of green in early trading on Tuesday after the food retail technology firm penned its fifth major overseas deal in less than 18 months.

The FTSE 100 closed up 0.3%, or 18.71 points, at 7,196.29 In the latest instalment of the Debenhams-Mike Ashley saga, the department store said it will give any firm takeover offer from Ashley's Sports Direct 'due consideration'.

The challenges facing Persimmon's new bosses have been laid bare after the firm was named Britain's worst major housebuilder again.

The ousted boss of Aviva was paid almost £2million for ten months' work last year – and will get up to £1.4m more on gardening leave.

Ocado shares hit a record high as it struck another foreign deal – this time with an Australian supermarket giant.

Embattled entrepreneur Luke Johnson has suffered another headache after profits in his Brighton Pier Group crashed.

The maker of a super-strength painkiller blamed for the US drugs epidemic has agreed a landmark £204million legal settlement.

Tech entrepreneur Mike Lynch has accused American giant HP of waging a vicious public campaign to destroy his reputation.

Energy firms have scrapped the dual-fuel discounts that encourage customers to buy their gas and electricity from the same supplier.

You wonder whether Karim Bitar is having second thoughts about agreeing to take the helm at Convatec, the medical technology group that makes colostomy bags.

The FTSE 100 closed down 2.10 points at 7194.19 and the pound was at $1.32 against the dollar.

Online wealth manager Nutmeg is launching a crowdfunding campaign in a bid to raise cash ahead of its imminent expansion abroad.

Drive-thru customers at McDonald's will soon be offered food suggestions by a robot, based on factors such as the weather or even their car licence plate.

The diamond market has lost its sparkle.

Scandal-hit insurance market Lloyd's of London must work harder to tackle sexism, its chairman has admitted.

BMW has been sniffing around Honda’s huge car factory in Swindon which the Japanese company plans to shut in 2021, according to reports.

Mike Ashley has outlined plans to launch a £61million bid for Debenhams to stop the 'long-planned theft' of the debt-riddled department store chain by its lenders.

The boss of Ladbrokes and Foxy Bingo owner GVC has sought to calm investor nerves as he was awarded shares worth £2.5million by the company.

Barclays has pushed out the head of its investment bank as it seeks to fight off corporate raider Edward Bramson.

The FTSE 100 closed up 40.14 points at 7234.33 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

Revenue atEddie Stobart Logisticssurged by 35 per cent to £843.1million in the last year, the group's latest results reveal.

Investment bank Goldman Sachs International has been fined over £34million by City watchdog the Financial Conduct Authority.

Sir Philip Green is preparing to shut as many as 200 stores over the next two years amid signs his Arcadia retail empire is beginning to crumble.

Financial markets are often mocked for their volatility.

Ocado boss Tim Steiner has been handed £1.5m worth of shares.

Shares in upmarket yoga clothing retailer Lululemon surged to a record high after strong Christmas sales helped annual profits nearly double.

The market can be fickle – particularly, it seems, when it comes to the sin stocks.

Regulators knew four years ago about problems with toxic bonds like those sold by collapsed trading firm London Capital & Finance – but failed to take action.

The boss of taxpayer-owned Royal Bank of Scotland has been attacked by shareholders over his lucrative pension deal.

At the height of his powers, tech entrepreneur Mike Lynch was celebrated as one of the most brilliant businessmen this country had ever seen, frequently described as Britain's answer to Microsoft founder Bill Gates.

'If there were any justice in the world, the majority of the advisers would be put in prison,' thundered an impassioned Mike Ashley today as the billionaire tycoon appeared to concede defeat in his battle for Debenhams.

On the day that Britain should have left the EU, Brexit remains very much in focus, with the pound falling sharply as Theresa May's deal was rejected by MPs for a third time.

Tui shares flashed red on Friday morning after the travel operator warned that the grounding of Boeing 737 Max planes earlier this month will take a huge chunk out of its profits.

The Boeing safety crisis that grounded its 737 Max planes across the world could cost travel firm Tui £259m in profits.

Chinese tech giant Huawei announced record profits just a day after a British spy agency said it had put the UK at risk.

Almost 6 per cent was wiped off the value of drugmakerAstraZenecaafter it unveiled plans to tap investors for £2.7 billion – ostensibly to fund a Japanese breast cancer deal that could eventually cost the Anglo-Swedish firm £5.3 billion.

Mike Ashley has been given a week to make a formal bid for Debenhams or face losing his entire investment in the company.

Shares in Uber's arch-rival Lyft surged as much as 20 per cent during a bumpy first day of trading in New York.

What is it?

A big investment push at H&M is beginning to bear fruit, with sales on the up.

Melrose Industries will come under pressure this week to curb a bonus scheme which paid four of its executives £167m in 2017.

A Rolls-Royce director and former Shell executive is tipped to take over as chairman at the defence and engineering giant Babcock International.

The billionaire owner of Edinburgh Woollen Mill has stepped back from the battle to buy collapsed fashion chain LK Bennett.

Deloitte has been dragged into the £3.8 billion High Court clash between British tech entrepreneur Mike Lynch and American IT giant HP.

A hard-hitting report on the future of the auditing sector is due to be published by Parliament tomorrow.

EasyJet has warned that Brexit uncertainty is now knocking demand for summer holidays too after it hit Easter breaks.

The FTSE 100 closed up 38.19 points at 7317.38 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

Easyjet's shares nosedived after it warned that ticket sales have been hit by Brexit uncertainty.

Boots is preparing to set up shop in a former Marks & Spencer site that shut due to crippling business rates.

The has been little love for advertising group WPP after an alleged sex scandal drove out its founder Sir Martin Sorrell.

The City watchdog faces an official inquiry into why it allowed the sale of toxic bonds by failed business London Capital & Finance.

Major accountants are beyond saving after a string of scandals and must be broken up to restore the profession's shattered reputation, a report has warned.

The boss of Joules is stepping down after almost nine years at the firm.

Julian Dunkerton faces investors today as they vote on his proposed return to Superdry, which he co-founded.

Some £11m a day was borrowed by over-55s against the value of their homes last year.

Aramco has emerged as the world's most profitable company – making more than tech firms Apple and Google combined.

The pound climbed sharply as Theresa May said Britain would need to delay Brexit further, while the FTSE 100 closed up 73.74 at 7391.12.

It's all change in the UK supermarket sector as Aldi gobbles up more customers than Morrisons, and Asda overtakes Sainsbury's to become the 'second largest retailer in Great Britain'.

Retail tycoon Mike Ashley momentarily lost the limelight today as another High Street billionaire stepped in to seize control of a struggling chain.

Manufacturing  has slumped again in the eurozone’s biggest economies, sparking fresh fears that the bloc is heading for a crisis.

A wave of top tier resignations could lie ahead forSuperdryafter its co-founder Julian Dunkerton was voted back onto the fashion firm's board.

The American retail giant behind Boots has warned of possible store closures in the UK as the company seeks to slash costs.

A major London housing developer is to build 20,000 homes in the North West.

Reckitt Benckiser is heading for a fresh row over fat cat pay after it defied investors and handed boss Rakesh Kapoor £15.2million.

A consortium of British and international companies is circling the historic Appledore shipyard in Devon.

Doorstep lender Provident Financial claims a rival that is trying to buy it paid illegal dividends.

Sharesin Rolls-Royce have hit more turbulence after Singapore Airlines grounded two jets because of engine trouble.

Superdry founder Julian Dunkerton was reinstated as the fashion chain's chief executive last night after a bitter power struggle saw almost the entire board resign.

The FTSE 100 closed up 27.16 points at 7418.28 and the pound was at $1.32 against the dollar.

TheAAsuffered a 64 per cent slump in annual profit from £141million to £53million, its latest results reveal.

Activity in Britain's crucial services sector fell to the joint-lowest level seen since 2012 in March, latest figures show.

Defence contractor Babcock International has appointed its first female chairman.

Britain faces an economic downturn after the dominant services sector slammed into reverse.

One of Britain's top beancounters apparently missed 'highly suspicious' trades at collapsed investment firm London Capital & Finance (LCF) before it went bust.

Investors jumped aboard Stagecoach after the train and bus operator raised its profit forecasts.

The founders of Superdry have seen the value of their holdings fall more than £20m in just two days after staging a boardroom coup.

Housing developers cannot be trusted to fix the leasehold scandal that has left tens of thousands of families trapped in unsellable homes, ministers have been told.

Energy supplier SSE has been fined £700,000 after failing to install enough smart meters in customers' homes last year, in the latest problem to hit the project.

Profits plunged at the AA last year as the breakdown service ploughed more money into road patrols and a digital turnaround plan.

A superyacht once owned by a playboy businessman at the heart of a Malaysia corruption scandal is being sold by the authorities for £96m.

The FTSE 100 closed down 16.34 points at 7401.94 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

Shares inMothercareare in the red after the group posted a drop in like-for-like sales within the UK in the last quarter.

Shares in the over 50s insurance and travel specialist Saga have plummeted to record levels as it blames Brexit chaos for a fall in holiday bookings.

Shares in AO World were put through the wash yesterday after it admitted it would take a £2.5million hit this year.

More than £3.2billion was wiped off Tesla’s value after it revealed its biggest ever drop in deliveries.

German manufacturers have been hit by a huge slump in orders, prompting fears Europe's largest economy faces a major downturn.

The former boss of British American Tobacco (BAT) was handed a £7.3million golden goodbye as he left the company – including £56,920 relocation costs.

Serco is the latest company to defy investors over lucrative pension payments.

Peppa Pig is still bringing home the bacon at Entertainment One.

A gourmet pet-food maker has won a Royal Warrant after Prince Charles became a customer.

Saga shares plunged to a record low yesterday – in another blow to investors in a firm formerly owned by private equity.

Italy's biggest lender is planning to swoop if the merger of Germany's two largest banks falls apart.

Superdry’s former chief executive Euan Sutherland will be handed a £730,000 pay-off after he quit following a boardroom coup led by cofounder Julian Dunkerton.

In Greek mythology, Icarus plummets to his death after flying too close to the sun while wearing wings made of wax and feathers.

The Co-op is targeting younger customers by opening shops on festival sites and university campuses as it looks to build on its best performance in seven years.

More than half of all big businesses have failed to reduce their gender pay gap despite anger over women earning less than men.

The International Monetary Fund is poised to slash its forecasts for the global economy.

Persimmon has launched an independent review of its business as it battles to improve customer service and retain a place in the taxpayer-funded Help To Buy scheme.

Sir Philip Green is seeking to slash his annual contributions into the Arcadia staff pension fund by half, according to reports.

High-flying Tory MP Johnny Mercer has hit back at claims he is linked to a scandal at collapsed savings firm London Capital & Finance.

Listings on London's stock market plunged to the lowest level in eight years amid growing uncertainty surrounding Brexit.

Spice Girl Emma Bunton has raised £420,000 for her ethical baby business in just a week.

Santander has become the latest bank to be dragged into a multimillion-pound lawsuit over alleged tax avoidance schemes used by wealthy celebrities.

The FTSE 100 closed up 5.02 points at 7451.89 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

Debenhams tipped into administration late this morning after rejecting a last-minute £200million rescue bid by billionaire tycoon Mike Ashley.

The corporate raider targeting Barclays has claimed the bank's new chairman lacks experience and will need his help to run the business.

Bookies normally face wipe-out when a favourite wins the Grand National – but William Hill still made a profit despite Tiger Roll's historic victory.

The jury in the fraud trial against four Barclays executives has been discharged.

Speculators are betting heavily on a fall in the euro amid woeful economic data from Germany, its powerhouse nation.

James Bond can escape the stickiest of situations.

A director at the training firm that employs high-flying Tory MP Johnny Mercer has been caught up in the scandal at collapsed savings company London Capital & Finance.

A review into whether Huawei should be allowed to supply equipment for the UK's 5G mobile network faces more delays.

Brewdog has invited beer fans to invest in the business for the sixth time in just nine years.

Retail sales tumbled in March as shoppers held off on spending amid the ongoing Brexit uncertainty, a report has said.

Hornbyis to post another loss this year after sales at the model rail toymaker were hit by stock shortages.

The stock market waved goodbye to Debenhams today as the company – which dates back to 1778 – was handed over to its hedge fund lenders in a so-called pre-pack administration deal.

As crunch time approaches for Sirius Minerals, the fertiliser company boring a massive tunnel underneath the North York Moors, investors have been eagerly snapping up its shares.

Online womenswear firm Sosandar has seen sales soar thanks to booming demand for animal print dresses and leather pencil skirts.

Cheddar, Stilton and smoked salmon exports to the US could be hit with higher tariffs as Donald Trump launches a new trade war with Europe.

The parent company of currency exchange firm Travelex is plotting a stock market float in London.

Bosses at banknote maker De La Rue are fighting for their jobs after a leading investor branded the floundering company's performance 'unacceptable'.

Hundreds of workers could lose their jobs as part of a reshuffle at Barclays.

Sports Direct tycoon Mike Ashley suffered a humiliating defeat after his dogged attempts to take over Debenhams were knocked back – wiping out his entire investment.

The FTSE 100 closed down 3.66 points at 7421.91 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

Tesco is well and truly on the road to recovery, its boss said today, as a bumper profits haul marked a landmark moment in its turnaround story.

Shares inIndiviorcrashed 75 per cent today after the drug company said it was facing a fine in the US of up to £2.3billion - leading analysts to suggest it could bankrupt the firm.

Home furnishing groupDunelmhas bucked the trend for dismal retail results and posted a 32 per cent rise in online revenue for the three months to 30 March.

A US investor has sold the entirety of its 25 per cent stake in the Topshop and Topman brands back to Sir Philip Green - the controversial high street tycoon behind Arcadia Group.

Sports Direct is threatening to sue Debenhams' administrators after owner Mike Ashley had his £200million offer to save the ailing department store rejected.

British drug maker Indivior faces bankruptcy after the US Government accused it of overseeing a multi-billion pound fraud to drive up sales of its opioid addiction treatment.

Sir Philip Green has lost the backing of one of his biggest investors as he embarks on a major-cost cutting drive across his retail empire.

One of Britain’s largest security firms could fall into foreign hands.

Tesco chief executive Dave Lewis said the supermarket's turnaround is close to completion as he unveiled a bumper 29 per cent rise in profits.

Barclays boss Jes Staley has slammed corporate raider Edward Bramson for short-selling the bank's stock while he pushes for a seat on the board.

The risks to the global financial system have grown in the past six months and will worsen if there is a chaotic Brexit or an escalation in the trade row between the US and China, the International Monetary Fund warned.

Online shopping giant Asos was back in fashion with investors, even after releasing half-year results which showed profits sliding by 87 per cent.

WH Smithsaw its operating profit fall by 21 per cent to £65million after splashing the cash on its acquisition of US-based airport retailer In Motion.

The pound at 5pm was $1.3066, while the euro was worth £0.8619.

RetailerTed Bakerhas identified 'several areas for improvement' in its human resources division after announcing the end of an independent investigation.

Reckitt Benckiser has been dragged deeper into the Indivior scandal after two of its bosses were accused of making 'fraudulent' claims about opioid addiction drugs.

Sir Philip Green has installed two restructuring experts on the board of his Arcadia retail empire as he presses ahead with plans to shut a raft of stores.

Airline stocks were soaring after Brexit was pushed back to the end of October.

Indivior salesmen were told to send doctors articles about baby deaths to boost sales of a new drug, US prosecutors claim.

The marketing chief who promoted toxic bonds for failed London Capital & Finance is now reportedly providing the same service for another company.

Ted Baker’s efforts to draw a line under a harassment scandal involving its founder were undermined after the company appointed an insider to the top job.

Barclayshas unleashed a furious broadside against the corporate raider seeking a seat on its board – branding him disruptive, inexperienced and damaging.

Over a third of LK Bennett's UK stores will close down after the collapsed brand - a favourite of the Duchess of Cambridge - was bought out of administration by a new owner.

Jet Airways has suspended its international flights, stoking fresh fears about the future of India's largest private airline.

Bonmarche- a troubled retail chain selling clothing aimed at women aged over 50 - has turned its nose up at a £5.7million takeover offer tabled by High Street tycoon Philip Day.

Finding a replacement for Mark Carney is more difficult because some candidates are being put off by the idea of being dragged into the Brexit turmoil, the Chancellor has said.

The disgraced former boss of Uber stands to make as much as £6.6billion from the taxi app firm’s blockbuster float.

A businessman who sold toxic bonds on behalf of collapsed savings firm London Capital & Finance has cut his ties with high-flying Tory MP Johnny Mercer.

Bad timing at online trading companyPlus500.

A massive reorganisation at department store chain Debenhams could take up to two years after it spiralled into administration last week.

Struggling Thomas Cook has suffered a new blow after the value of the company's debt dropped to less than two thirds of its original value.

Stagecoach is considering a bid for some or all of rival Arriva, the UK's largest bus operator.

Activist investor Oasis Management has thrown its support behind Superdry founder Julian Dunkerton who seized back control of the business just 12 days ago.

WPP’s post-Sorrell clear-out kicks off in earnest this week.

Unions are calling on Ford to 'come clean' over the future of its British operations amid fears that factories could be closed.

The corporate raider stalking Barclays bank has made himself an estimated £7million in fees since securing support from investors, according to an analysis seen by The Mail on Sunday.

Online delivery success story Ocado came within a whisker of reaching a milestone £10billion valuation last week after investors snapped up shares in the weeks following its supply agreement with Marks & Spencer.

Corporate raider Melrose has cut nearly 900 jobs at GKN since its highly controversial takeover of the historic British engineer, The Mail on Sunday can reveal.

An ally of tracksuits tycoon Mike Ashley last night emerged as one of the big winners from the demise of Debenhams.

Stagecoach has upped the ante in its battle with the Government after it was disqualified at the 11th hour from bidding for three rail contracts over a row about pensions liabilities.

Potash miner Emmerson is close to inking a supply deal that could be worth as much as £4.4 billion over the next 20 years.

A bumper one-off dividend from BHP helped shareholder payouts leap to a record £19.7 billion in the first quarter of this year.

Debenhams' chief executive will exit the firm within days after being forced out by the department store chain's new owners.

The FTSE 100 closed down 0.19 points at 7436.87 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

More people visited UK High Streets last month than they did in March 2018, but shoppers are still putting off expensive 'big ticket' purchases, a report has found.

Big changes are underway in the UK's bus market and that can play nicely into the hands of bus groupRotala.

Monsoon Accessorize is preparing to close stores in the latest blow for the beleaguered High Street.

Legal & General Investment Management voted against a record number of companies last year as City shareholders flexed their muscles.

Sainsbury is set for a major shake-up under new chairman Martin Scicluna if its £14billion merger with Asda is blocked, analysts have warned.

The corporate raider demanding a seat on Barclays' board has insisted its investment arm must be hacked back to boost shares.

Provident Financial’s boss has been landed with a major distraction by one of his other lucrative posts just as he fights off a hostile takeover bid.

Ineos has warned the Government it could ditch plans for fracking mining in England.

The pensions watchdog has been asked by MPs to explain the 'staggering, parlous state' of the railways retirement fund.

Greggsboss Roger Whiteside has been handed the rights to shares worth £658,000 under a bonus scheme.

Goldman Sachs has slashed staff pay by 20 per cent after it was revealed profits have dropped.

China's richest man is calling for his countrymen to work 12-hour days, six days a week.

The City watchdog is preparing a crackdown on 'guarantor' lenders amid revelations Amigo targeted higher-risk borrowers before its £1.3billion stock market float.

The boss of shared-office business IWG may have been popping a few corks last night after agreeing the firm's first franchising deal in Japan.

The boss of Centrica is fighting for his job as investors lose faith in his leadership.

Brits will splash out on Easter this year with analytics firm GlobalData forecasting that spending will reach a record £1.7billion.

Rumours are circulating around the City that NCC Group, a British cyber security company, could soon be snapped up by a predator.

Markets could rally sharply amid signs of solid growth in the US and China, according to the boss of investment titan Blackrock.

Online retailer Zalando is set to bag an unexpected profit amid booming demand in Europe.

Regulators face growing pressure to intervene in an increasingly vicious takeover battle for doorstep lender Provident Financial.

Galliford Try lost more than a fifth of its value after a profit warning related to its struggling construction arm.

The cyber security chief of a controversial Chinese firm has accused the US of 'belittling national security' with spying claims.

Streaming giant Netflix posted a bumper set of figures last night – but warned fewer new subscribers will sign up in the coming months.

Royal Bank of Scotland investors have been urged to vote down chief executive Ross McEwan's £3.6million 'excessive pay packet'.

Ministers are being inundated with plans for vessels to be built at Appledore Shipyard.

The FTSE 100 just about managed to close in positive territory, up 1.40 points at 7,471.32.

China’s economy grew at a faster pace than expected at the start of year as benefits from government stimulus measures appeared to filter through and trade negotiations with the US entered a key stage.

The rate of annual house price growth in Britain has fallen to its lowest level for nearly seven years as the property market in London and the South East suffers a significant reversal, official figures revealed today.

What a difference ten months makes.

Climate change protesters have cost businesses in London's West End £12million and counting, as they continue to block visitors and commuters from some of the capital's busiest streets.

Housebuilder Persimmon is beefing up its board and pay committee after a row over bumper bonuses forced out its former chief executive last year.

Online beauty business The Hut Group has snapped up a haircare brand used by stars such as Kylie Minogue.

Asos co-founder Nick Robertson has pocketed £15.3million after selling 410,000 shares at 372p each.

Marks & Spencer has slashed prices on almost 500 of its most popular food items as it scrambles to win back customers and arrest its declining sales.

The City watchdog has issued a stark warning over the treatment of customers to the firm targeting Provident Financial, in one of the most bitter takeover battles the City has seen for years.

Germany has slashed its growth forecasts amid rising fears for the eurozone’s biggest economy.

Car dealer Pendragon, owner of the Evans Halshaw and Stratstone brands, has swung to a loss after costs escalated.

The FTSE 100 closed down 11.44 points at 7459.88 and the pound was at $1.30 against the dollar.

Retail sales rose by an unexpected 1.1 per cent last month, marking the third consecutive month of sales growth, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).

The eurozone is suffering its worst spell of growth since 2014, with both the service and manufacturing sectors stagnating.

Debenhams boss Sergio Bucher will step down this week, the department store chain has confirmed, after less than two years at the helm.

Debenhams chief executive Sergio Bucher has stepped down after the department store crashed into administration and was snapped up by its lenders.

Marmite owner Unilever is squeezing supermarkets by raising prices.

A British banker is being tipped to become the first female boss of JP Morgan, following a major promotion.

China's Huawei claims it will be able to sell a next-generation 5G smartphone for less than £500.

A jump in households switching energy supplier boosted business at price comparison website Money Supermarket.

Online lending platformFunding Circlewas on the rise after revealing it now manages a hefty £3.4 billion worth of loans.

Jupiter Asset Management is preparing to back corporate raider Edward Bramson (pictured right) in his fight for a board seat at Barclays, insiders claim.

Factory output is falling in France and Germany as storm clouds gather over the eurozone economy.

Rentokil Initial has reiterated plans to spend heavily on acquisitions, after a boost from buying sprees in the first quarter.

Under-pressure shopping centre operator Intu has sold a 50 per cent stake in its Derby mall to the investment firm Cale Street for £186 million.

Bankers, lawyers and spin doctors are in line to pocket as much as £44 million from the hostile takeover battle for doorstep lender Provident Financial.

A Briton is set to make £20million after his £7billion company joined the rush of technology firms floating on the US stock market.

One of the City's most controversial characters, who has twice been convicted of being a heroin dealer, has made an extraordinary return to the Square Mile, The Mail on Sunday can reveal.

David Richards is fed up with his neighbours.

Details of a spectacular business failure suffered by the corporate raider targeting Barclays Bank can be revealed by The Mail on Sunday today.

The American owner of The Priory Group is considering a £1billion sale of the scandal-hit mental healthcare giant.

One of the NHS's biggest partners has had a healthy rise in sales and profits.

Shares in Thomas Cook jumped 17 per cent today after reports over the Easter weekend that predators have made tentative approaches to buy some or all of the British holiday company.

The company that provides McDonalds with its burger buns is weighing up a sale of its UK logistics operation.

Housebuilder Persimmon is braced for a fresh revolt over its controversial bonuses after shareholder advisers urged investors to vote against the company's 'highly excessive' pay.

The activist pressing for a break-up ofFirstGrouphas quietly raised its stake in the British bus and rail company to become one of its biggest shareholders.

Former Nissan boss Carlos Ghosn has been indicted by Japanese prosecutors on a fresh charge of aggravated breach of trust.

Barclays is clamping down on pay and bonuses for its casino bankers as it gears up for a confrontation with corporate raider Edward Bramson at its annual meeting next week.

Kraft Heinz boss Bernardo Hees is stepping down after years of cost-cutting and weak sales.

For more than ten years Jet2 boss Philip Meeson travelled around Europe with the Marlboro-sponsored flying aerobatics team and was crowned British champion five times.

The FTSE 100 closed up 0.85 per cent, or 63.19 points, at 7,523.07, lifted by the likes of BP and Royal Dutch Shell, which benefited from rising oil prices.

Property giant British Land is disposing of 12 Sainsbury's superstores as part of plans to reduce its exposure to the troubled retail sector.

Oil heavyweights have lifted the Footsie to its highest level in more than six months, after Donald Trump tightened sanctions on Iran.

Sainsbury's is set to learn the fate of its proposed £14bn merger with rival Asda as it battles to revive falling sales.

Hundreds of thousands of self-employed workers who missed the tax filing deadline face daily penalties if they fail to submit their return within the next week.

Twitter shares have surged 16 per cent after the social networking company's profits tripled to £147million.

Majestic Wine could abandon the High Street after appointing bankers to explore a sale of all 200 of its British stores.

The top City lawyer at the heart of the ENRC fraud case has also been named in court papers involving an alleged £15million state-sponsored hack.

Thomas Cook shares jumped 18.3 per cent after reports suggested the travel company has been approached by suitors about a possible takeover.

Top executives at BT's UK headquarters were at the heart of a £530million accounting scandal at its Italy division, prosecutors have alleged.

The FTSE 100 closed down 51.32 points at 7471.75 and the pound was at $1.29 against the dollar.

Profits at Primark surged 25 per cent in the six months to March, thanks to ongoing store expansion and 'much higher' margins, its owner ABF said today.

A former board member of doorstep lender Provident Financial has joined the rival battling to buy it.

Sainsbury's and Asda are 'very unlikely' to appeal against a decision on their planned mega-merger if the competition regulator rejects it today.

Flamboyant Metro Bank founder Vernon Hill has been accused of ‘blatantly and insulting sexist comments’ in a legal battle with former business associates.

Retirement specialist Saga surfed a wave of positivity after a major bank said its recent results ‘reset expectations’.

Furious investors have hit out at a high-flying Tory MP over his links to a £237million savings scandal.

Primark bucked the gloom sweeping the High Street to deliver a 25 per cent jump in profits to £426million.

High-interest lender Amigo has appointed the boss of controversial rent-to-own business Brighthouse as chief executive.

The FTSE 100 closed down 37.62 points at 7434.13 and the pound was at $1.29 against the dollar.

Carpetright shares spiked 37 per cent to above 21p in early trading on Thursday after the troubled retailer showed signs of bouncing back from a torrid year.

The chairman of the John Lewis Partnership has opted to pocket the group's bonus for the first time in three years.

Sainsbury's shares turned a nasty shade of red on Thursday 25 April.

Microsoft has become the latest tech giant to reach a valuation of $1trillion (£775billion) after its sales and profits smashed Wall Street expectations.

McLaren has reported bumper demand for its super-cars – hours after Tesla said sales of its electric models are falling.

The boss of taxpayer-backed Royal Bank of Scotland is standing down – paving the way for the High Street lender to get its first female head.

Bayer is facing legal claims from more than 13,400 people in the US that its weed killers cause cancer.

Sainsbury's boss Mike Coupe is fighting for his job after the collapse of the supermarket's £12billion merger withAsda.

Chinese shoppers’ yearning for luxury goods helped drive a 16 per cent rise in sales at Hermes in the first quarter.

Mega-merger talks between Deutsche Bank and Commerzbank have collapsed amid a backlash from staff and shareholders.

Two individuals in the London Capital & Finance scandal have not yet paid any money or assets to the firm's administrators, despite pledging to do so.

Carpetright has managed to scoop itself off the floor after reassuring investors that sales are finally on the rise.

The Footsie ended the day slightly in the red, after hitting a six-month high earlier this week.

Just Eat shares slumped into the red in early trading on Friday after the online takeaway firm served up lacklustre UK growth.

Sainsbury's boss Mike Coupe is fighting for his job after the collapse of the supermarket's £12billion merger withAsda.

Bosses at infrastructure firm John Laing were handed a massive bonus this week worth almost £2.5m.

Mining titan Glencore has found itself at the centre of another corruption probe, this time with American regulators.

What is it?

Uber's boss promised investors a 'once in a generation' opportunity as he urged them to back the taxi app firm's £70billion blockbuster float.

Shares in Ferrexpo plunged after its auditor Deloitte resigned over a spat about donations to a charitable foundation – and two non-executive directors also said they were quitting.

Royal Mail has been sounding out investors over plans to change its chief executive’s pay packet.

Sales climbed again atAstraZenecaafter it was boosted by a new wave of cancer treatments and focus on fast-growing markets such as China.

A British software engineer stands to get nearly £450million when his tech company makes its long-awaited debut on the US stock market.

A podcast-maker backed by property tycoon Nick Candy is asking investors for another £5million – after burning through £1.5million in a matter of weeks.

Investors have placed bets worth more than £1billion against the three ‘unicorn’ companies that have floated in the past month – prompting fears of another tech bubble.

Topshop owner Arcadia has agreed a deal with HSBC that gives the bank security over millions of pounds worth of cash deposits as it draws up plans for a radical financial restructuring.

Some of Britain’s biggest companies have come under fire for making late payments to suppliers.

A former director of failed savings firm London Capital & Finance has stepped down from the board of a company poised to float on the stock market.

Anger at the 'extraordinary' bonuses being dished out to Britain's top bosses is set to boil over at a string of annual meetings at firms including Ocado, Melrose and Persimmon over the next fortnight.

Sainsbury's botched merger with Asda has been a major distraction and left the supermarket in its worst position strategically 'for at least a decade', an expert on the group has said.

British banking giant Standard Chartered could face a new £1.5billion fine for breaking US sanctions against Iran after a civil case was filed by whistleblowers, The Mail on Sunday can reveal.

Luxury fashion brand Kurt Geiger is exploring a sale for more than £450million boosted by its popularity with celebrities.

Jaguar Land Rover is a contender to buy one of Britain's biggest taxi companies as it tries to negotiate falling car ownership.

BT bosses in London embroiled in a £500million accounting fraud scandal failed to challenge the accounts, an internal probe found.

The FTSE 100 closed in the green - up 12.47 points at 7,440.66.

Ocado - the FTSE 100 grocery delivery firm - has unveiled the cause of a huge fire which engulfed its flagship distribution centre in Andover earlier this year.

The AA's finance boss has quit after five years so he can devote his time to anti-Brexit party Change UK.

European firms became more pessimistic about the economy as confidence among their British counterparts grew for the second month in a row.

Boeing boss Dennis Muilenburg narrowly survived a bid to weaken his control of the plane maker in the face of investor fury over fatal crashes.

The number of dawn raids carried out by the City watchdog has risen to its highest level since the banking crisis.

Ferrexpo was thrown into crisis as its former auditor accused it of foot-dragging over a multi-million-pound corruption scandal.

Sir Philip Green and directors of his Arcadia retail empire will today discuss its future amid a crisis on the High Street.

The chairman of French telecoms company Iliad has been find £520,000 over illegal insider trades that benefited himself and his girlfriend.

Sainsbury's suffers from untidy and badly stocked stores and must rediscover the 'art of good shopkeeping' after its merger with Asda collapsed, analysts have warned.

London's junior market has its critics but it has managed to incubate some quite hefty tech firms.

Spotify has become the world's first music streaming service to reach 100million paying subscribers as it fights a vicious turf war with Silicon Valley's tech titans.

A busy week kicked off in earnest today as, after a relatively subdued Monday, the company updates and economic data began to flood in.

Energy giant BP has suffered a slide in first quarter profits after being stung by falling oil and gas prices.

The UK supermarket sector has fattened up after shoppers spent a record £2.5billion on Easter celebrations this year.

Around four retailers are going bust every day as rising costs and fierce online competition wreak havoc on Britain's high streets.

Veggie wraps, Big Macs with bacon and coffee boosted McDonald's UK sales during the first three months of 2019.

The Duke of Westminster's fortune is set to grow further after his property company announced a £44million dividend.

There was no doubting yesterday’s big story: Sirius Minerals’ long-awaited £2.9billion second-phase financing.

Standard Chartered bank is launching its first share buyback for more than 20 years using £770million of spare cash.

Thousands of wealthy families have received taxpayer loans to help them on to the housing ladder, official figures show.

Tainted beancounter KPMG has been fined £6million for a botched audit of a car and motorbike insurer.

Glencore shares fell nearly 3 per cent after the mining and commodity trading firm trimmed production forecasts for raw materials.

Shareholders in shopping centre owner Hammerson humiliated bosses in a revolt over high executive pay.

The scotched plans to merge with close rival Asda cost Sainsbury's a hefty £46million, it revealed today.

Fashion stalwart Next said its sales have surged beyond its expectations over the last three months thanks to 'unusually warm weather'.

The FTSE 100 closed down 32.96 points at 7385.26 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

The boss of gambling groupGVC Holdingstrousered £19.1million last year, with £16.4million of 'legacy awards.'

Alannah Weston is taking over from her father as chairman of luxury store Selfridges.

Sainsbury's blew £46million on fees and other costs during its botched bid to merge with Asda.

Ocado has been added to a public register of shame after a shareholder revolt over fat cat pay.

The bosses of gambling firm GVC were paid nearly £28million last year – taking their earnings since 2016 to £80million.

TheLondon Stock Exchange earned £546million in the first quarter of 2019 due to a boom in big banks using its services.

Centuries-old insurance market Lloyd's of London is planning to embrace the digital age and put a large part of its business online.

Shares in Metro Bank tanked 20 per cent this morning after revealing last night that customers withdrew £566million at the start of 2019 following an error in its accounts coming to light.

Humbled bosses at Persimmon will radically overhaul the housebuilder to put rows over fat cat pay and shoddy workmanship behind them.

Bankers at JP Morgan gave the short-sellers snapping at the heels of Just Eat something to get their teeth into with a downgrade of shares in the takeaway delivery group.

GlaxoSmithKline said roaring demand for its shingles vaccine will see sales of the blockbuster drug exceed £1billion this year.

The FTSE 100 closed down 33.95 points at 7351.31 and the pound was at $1.30 against the dollar.

Metro Bank shares hit a record low following a dismal set of results, handing a multi-million-pound windfall to hedge fund boss Crispin Odey.

Nearly 620,000 UK properties still lack a decent broadband connection, official figures reveal today.

Reckitt Benckiser admitted it could still face legal action over the Indivior scandal and a fine ‘substantially higher’ than the £300million it has set aside.

The disgraced former boss of HBOS has been named chief executive of a stock market-listed company for the first time since the financial crisis, despite an ongoing investigation into the near-collapse of his bank.

Swiss bank UBS is advising its clients to sell shares in Jupiter Fund Management following the loss of a star investment manager, which it reckons could hit the business.

Some of Britain's biggest landlords have joined forces to demand a better deal from Sir Philip Green over planned store closures within his Arcadia retail empire.

Lloyds boss Antonio Horta-Osorio faces questions from senior MPs over his pension arrangements amid an outcry at lucrative retirement deals.

Warm weather in April and an extravagant Easter period failed to buoy the country's struggling High Streets, new figures show.

It has been a challenging few months for Sainsbury’s.

The FTSE 100 closed up 29.33 points at 7380.64 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

The landlord behind the Manchester's Trafford Centre and the Essex Lakeside is bracing itself for a 'challenging' rest of 2019, it warned today, as the troubles in the retail sector show no sign of abating.

Shares inHSBCare on the up after the lender posted rising profits for the first quarter, after strong performances across its retail, wealth management and commercial banking arms.

It’s not too often that an AIM company sees hundreds of millions wiped from its market value.

Veteran fund manager Neil Woodford has said the stock market will boom after Brexit – even as he ditched part of his investment strategy.

Warren Buffett said he was an 'idiot' for not buying shares in Amazon earlier than he did after it was revealed his investment firm had finally taken a stake in the online retailer.

The founder of vegan burger maker Beyond Meat has made around £150million after it soared on its stock market debut this week.

The marketing boss at the centre of the London Capital & Finance savings scandal once owned a business with beleaguered entrepreneur Luke Johnson.

The City watchdog is under pressure to publish details of a probe into failed bank HBOS after the lender's former boss was handed control of a stock market-listed company.

Debt-laden travel group Thomas Cook is looking for a £400million loan as it braces for a brutal winter.

Top brass at drugs giantAstraZenecawent on a buying spree this week, together scooping up more than £1million worth of shares.

Sainsbury's new chairman Martin Scicluna has dismissed suggestions that the failed attempt to merge with Asda was a 'cock-up' by chief executive Mike Coupe – but said the price cuts that the deal would have delivered could now take years.

The Hong Kong billionaire who is the largest shareholder ofShaftesburyhas accused directors of the West End landlord of breaking company law.

Ocado boss Tim Steiner might feel slightly aggrieved by the shareholder revolt last week at his bonuses worth up to £100million over five years.

A company that counts Tory MP Priti Patel as a director is plotting a float on London’s stock exchange.

The British whistleblower behind a legal action that could leave Standard Chartered facing a £1.5billion fine claims that he was ousted from the bank after he warned senior staff of a major loophole in its money laundering checks.

A City law firm boss who has no legal training could pocket millions of pounds later this year on top of her salary – just for staying with the company for at least three years.

A City firm has quit as adviser to an AIM-listed company following revelations of links to the London Capital & Finance (LCF) scandal.

The corporate raider targeting Barclays faces a fresh humiliation as his own shareholders prepare to grill him over a 27 per cent fall in the value of their investments.

The next boss of Britain’s accountancy watchdog is set to take a hefty cut on his predecessor’s pay.

Sir Michael Heller, who inherited a fortune from KP Nuts, has again enraged shareholders at the two firms he leads by handing his sons hefty pay rises and himself a generous bonus.

Efforts to force big companies to pay their suppliers on time are failing because of Government penny-pinching, it was claimed last week.

Shareholders have failed to rein in fat cat pay at Britain’s biggest firms.

American investment guru Warren Buffett wants to invest more in the UK and other parts of Europe – despite uncertainty over Brexit.

Asda is plotting a listing on the UK stock market following the collapse of its planned £12billion merger with Sainsbury’s.

Shares in G4S tumbled today after Canada's Garda World Security announced at the weekend it did not intend to go ahead with an offer to buy the struggling outsourcer.

Stockbroker Cenkos Securities is facing a backlash from one of its major investors over 'absurd' payments made to members of its board.

It feels incongruous to be in a drugstore in Deerfield, Illinois, and to see shelves of Boots No 7 creams, those most quintessentially British of beauty products.

Chinese stocks dropped sharply after Donald Trump threatened new tariffs on the country.

Standard Chartered bank faces a backlash from furious investors this week over a stealth increase in its boss's huge pension payments.

Food firm Kraft Heinz has uncovered a £140million error in its accounts and warned it will have to restate almost three years of results.

Ailing Metro Bank may have to give away almost half of the company as it seeks £350million from investors following an accounting error.

Latest figures suggest the eurozone's economy slowed further in April.

Purplebricksfounder and chief executive Michael Bruce has exited the online estate agent as it revealed it is axing its Australia business and putting its US operation under review.

One of the biggest shareholders in Provident Financial has spoken out against a hostile takeover of the doorstep lender.

BHP is facing the largest group claim in British legal history over allegations it was 'woefully negligent' in the run-up to a Brazilian mining disaster that killed 19 people in 2015.

The founder of Melrose faces being booted off its board.

Hit television thriller Bodyguard is heading to China after ITV struck a deal with one of the country's broadcasters.

Global stocks tumbled yesterday as investors fretted over the risk of an all-out trade war between the US and China.

Two of Germany's best-known car makers have been stung by authorities as BMW said a possible fine hammered its profit and Porsche was hit with a huge charge.

Centrica has been criticised for an 'excessive' £1.8m share award handed to boss Iain Conn.

Topshop tycoon Sir Philip Green is racing to do a deal with landlords before a multi-million-pound rent bill in June.

The founder of online estate agent Purplebricks has been ousted as chief executive after the company admitted it rushed its global expansion.

Surging debt in China is putting the world economy at risk, a top Bank of England official has warned.

Lloyds has been slammed for giving a stealth pay rise to its boss Antonio Horta-Osorio.

Both ITV and Co-op Bank reported first-quarter figures today, but neither of them make for cheery reading.

Travis Perkins is leading the FTSE 250 risers today after the building and DIY group lifted the lid on an improved performance at Wickes, its struggling DIY chain.

Trendy furniture firm Made is preparing to take on Ikea in its home country of Sweden.

Insurance premiums paid to Direct Line fell in the first three months of 2019 amid tough competition in the market.

Travis Perkins surged early this year in another sign of a turnaround at the Wickes and Toolstation owner.

Shares in British tobacco giant Imperial Brands fell to a five-year low amid signs a backlash against 'vaping' among young Americans is hitting sales in the US.

SSE is cutting 444 jobs after receiving a lukewarm welcome for its smart meters.

Doorstep lender Provident Financial has claimed the rival trying to buy it could be forced to raise £130 million if its hostile takeover goes ahead.

Canadian mining and energy companies are likely to flock to London to raise funds after being squeezed in Toronto.

The returning chief executive of small company broker Cenkos is facing fierce scrutiny from the City regulator, amid fears he may not be the right man for the job.

Facebook is setting up a unit in London to spearhead its push into mobile payments.

A powerful industry body opposing a major shake-up of the Big Four accountants is cashing in on the failings of auditors.

The boss of Standard Chartered launched a robust defence of his lucrative pay deal as he faced a furious backlash from investors.

Tainted beancounter KPMG has been fined for failing to spot a £1.5 billion black hole at the Co-op Bank.

ITV has revealed another big drop in advertising revenues just months before it launches a streaming platform.

Middle-class fashion favourite Joules has poached retail veteran Nick Jones from Asda to be its next chief executive.

The vocal chairman ofWetherspoonswas unusually quiet yesterday, as the pub group revealed sales which fell flat with investors.

The FTSE 100 followed global stock markets down today on trade war fears.

Morrisons, the UK's fourth biggest supermarket, said today that its retail sales ticked up just 0.2 per cent over the last three months.

There's been no shortage of drama at struggling fashion chain Superdry in the last few months and today is no exception as the firm issued its third profit warning in a year.

One in five homes made by Britain's biggest builder are to be partly assembled in factories.

Metro Bank is facing fresh doubts over its future as it gears up to raise £350m from investors following an accounting error which sent shares tumbling.

Marks & Spencer could be booted out of the FTSE 100 in a major blow to the 135-year-old High Street stalwart.

Debenhams has been given the green light to close 50 stores, putting 1,200 jobs at risk.

A female banker has won £150,000 from Royal Bank of Scotland following claims she was paid less due to her gender.

Stock markets around the world tumbled as investors fretted over the consequences of a looming global trade war.

Struggling fashion retailer Superdry has begun to worm its way back into investors' favour, despite issuing yet another profit warning.

Online grocer Ocado has stumped up £4.75m for a stake in ready-meal robotics firm Karakuri.

BT's new boss has vowed to plough billions into overhauling Britain's creaking broadband network – but admitted that it could put the dividend at risk.

Fashion firm Select has drafted in administrators from Quantuma as the firm hits the buffers, putting the jobs of 1,800 employees across 169 UK stores at risk.

Uber shares stalled last night as it made its £63billion stock market debut.

The future of the Port Talbot steelworks has been thrown into doubt as Tata Steel and Thyssenkrupp prepare to abandon their plans to merge.

What is it?

Provident Financial has been slammed for paying its boss a £573,000 bonus.

Premier Inn ownerWhitbreadhas handed two of its top brass more than £1million of stock.

Ferrexpohas been urged to appoint a woman to its board after resignations prompted by a charity scandal made it the third FTSE 350 firm to only have male directors.

Aldi is charging a premium for groceries at its new format Local store in London, it has emerged.

The brewer behind Becks, Budweiser and Corona is planning to spin off its Asian business in a blockbuster float.

British Airways' ownerIAGhas shrugged off a slump in profits as investors seemed relieved that the results weren't worse.

Investors pulled nearly £16billion from global shares in a week that saw trade tensions between the US and China flare up again.

Pets at Homeshare graphs do not make for pretty reading.

It was hailed as the blockbuster float which turned hundreds of investors and staff into millionaires.

Doorstep lender Provident Financial faces a kicking from investors over a £70,000 gift to departing finance director Andrew Fisher.

True Royalty TV, dubbed the Netflix of Royal TV content, is in talks with investors to fund ambitious global expansion plans.

Amazon is under pressure from shareholders to step up its efforts to tackle hate speech and the sale of racist and other offensive products through its website.

BT will charge customers more for their broadband and mobile phone contracts to cover the cost of rolling out full-fibre and 5G networks, the company has admitted.

The Japanese investment giant that made a multi-billion profit from taxi app Uber's float is close to striking a £3billion deal with a British financial technology firm advised by David Cameron, The Mail on Sunday can reveal.

Sainsbury's share price has fallen to its lowest level since the fall of the Berlin Wall 30 years ago after the failure of its merger with Asda prompted shell-shocked investors to cash in their chips.

FTSE 100 closed 0.5%, or 39.61 points, down to 7,163 as the trade war between the US and China escalated.

House of Fraser department stores are to be rebranded as Frasers and revamped in a bid to take the struggling chain upmarket.

Lloyds is scrambling to quell an embarrassing shareholder revolt over pension payouts given to boss Antonio Horta-Osorio.

Shares in Metro Banktumbled today amid speculation over its future, despite the lender insisting it will be able to raise the £350million it needs from investors.

An activist investor pushing for a break-up of First Group has launched an audacious bid to seize control of the transport company’s board.

Provident Financial has been accused of unfairly casting doubt over the financial health of a rival battling to buy it.

When Metro Bank opened its doors in 2010, it was the first new High Street lender in more than a century.

Ocado boss Tim Steiner has been awarded 2.2m shares worth £29million, taking his total holding in the company to nearly £340million.

A sharp drop in the number of deaths so far this year has hit profits at funeral services firm Dignity.

Vodafone has become the latest FTSE 100 group to fall prey to speculation over its dividend.

Furious Centrica shareholders used the annual general meeting to lambast its chief executive after he pocketed a 44 per cent pay rise.

Reckitt Benckiser’s boss has been handed shares worth £9.6million.

More than £770billion was wiped off stock markets around the world after China and the US ramped up their trade war with a new round of tariffs.

Uber shares plunged by as much as 11 per cent on its second day of trading.

The FTSE 100 closed up 1.1 per cent, or 77.92 points at 7,241.60, reversing all of yesterday’s losses, helped by decent rebound across all of its sectors, with Vodafone providing the main drag.

Shares in Greggs took off this morning after the cut-price bakery chain lifted the lid on 'exceptional' sales growth, thanks to surging demand for its new vegan sausage rolls.

Tesco boss Dave Lewis has landed a hefty £4.6million pay packet after overseeing a turnaround for the supermarket that involved putting thousands of jobs on the line.

The Co-op has urged ministers to look carefully at Tesco boss Dave Lewis's plans to reform business rates.

The company behind the Yellow Pages has been accused of aggressive sales tactics and poor treatment of small businesses.

Greggs shares soared to a record high after it raised its profits forecasts for the third time this year on the back of 'exceptional' sales.

Money Mail's savings expert Sylvia Morris has won a prestigious prize for her work.

Nissan is at ‘rock bottom’ after profits fell 45 per cent and it warned the outlook was grim.

Metro Bank has launched a final push to tempt new investors in a battle to raise £350million – with the results expected tonight.

A second profit warning in two months has caused alarm for investors in British engineering firm Renishaw.

The top rate on easy-access cash Isas is now neck and neck with that on ordinary accounts.

Savings firm Standard Life Aberdeen has been hit by a humiliating shareholder rebellion over a £750,000 golden hello for its new finance boss.

Vodafone has slashed its dividend for the first time after plunging into a mammoth £6.6billion loss.

Today Money Mail calls on travel firms to treat single people fairly.

The value of shopping centre owner Land Securities' property empire fell by more than half a billion pounds last year as the crisis on the High Street took its toll.

Amazon has launched a service that lets customers pick up their parcels from Next.

Shares in Clydesdale and Yorkshire Bank ownerCYBGrose by 10 per cent earlier this morning after the group posted its latest results following its £1.7billion takeover of Virgin Money.

The FTSE 100 closed up 55.35 points at 7296.95 and the pound was at $1.29 against the dollar.

US giant Walmart - the world's biggest retailer - is 'seriously considering' listing Asda on the stock market, it has emerged.

Warm weather helped B&Q enjoy a rise in sales in the three months to 30 April, ownerKingfisherhas revealed.

Pub groupMarston'sstockpiled £6million worth of beer in a bid to protect itself from the potential fallout from a 'disorderly' Brexit.

The grounding of Boeing 737 Max aircrafts, last year's hot summer, this year's late Easter, Brexit uncertainty and rising competition in Spain have all taken their toll onTui'slatest results.

The Co-op is launching a digital pharmacy that will let customers manage their NHS prescriptions through a smartphone.

The boss of Lloyds has been slammed by MPs over his lucrative pension payments ahead of the bank's AGM today.

Beleaguered Metro Bank was last night locked in talks with investors as it scrambles to raise £350million.

Defence giant Babcock is under fire once again from the mysterious research firm Boatman Capital.

Gambling software firm Playtech has been hit with one of the biggest shareholder revolts this year over its boss's pay.

More than £1.2billion has been wiped off the value of properties which are owned by two of Britain’s biggest landlords.

Aston Martin  shares fell to a new low after it crashed to a £17million loss at the start of the year.

The tycoon seeking to take over Provident Financial has vowed to press ahead despite failing to win support from huge numbers of shareholders.

Thomas Cook shares plunged by 20 per cent today as the holiday firm reporting an eye-watering £1.5billion loss and blamed Brexit for swathes of Brits delaying summer trips abroad.

It has been a torrid week for the travel industry as two of the biggest players in the UK and wider European market reported decidedly shoddy results.

The FTSE 100 closed up 56.56 points at 7353.51 and the pound was at $1.28 against the dollar.

BarclaysandRoyal Bank of Scotlandare among five banks to have been slapped with a slice of a £930million fine for rigging foreign exchange markets.

BT is to hand £500 worth of shares to each of its employees as its chief executive tries to rebuild morale.

Thomas Cook shares tumbled nearly 15 per cent after it racked up record half-year losses of £1.5billion.

Shares in troubled Metro Bankjumped by 26 per cent today after it struck a £375million rescue deal last night.

At around 3.45pm on November 5, 2015, the Fundao waste dam at the Samarco iron ore mine began to leak.

A charity that melts down knives taken off Britain's streets and turns them into outdoor gyms has received a boost from the Co-op.

The boss of Lloyds deserves his £6.3million pay because he does such an 'arduous' job, according to the bank's chairman.

Fraud investigators have reportedly blocked four men at the heart of a huge savings scandal from selling properties worth £12million.

Pret a Manger is close to snapping up smaller rival Eat in a bid to roll out more vegetarian and vegan-friendly outlets.

Animal genetics firm Genus was bringing home the bacon after announcing a deal in China to help develop flu-resistant pigs.

Online juggernaut Amazon has sent shockwaves through the UK food sector today after deciding to plough millions into London-based delivery firm Deliveroo.

The FTSE 100 closed 4.89 points down at 7,348.62 while the pound dropped to its lowest level in four months following the collapse of Brexit talks.

It's early days, but it looks as though B&Q and Screwfix owner Kingfisher is taking a leaf out of Scandi furniture favourite Ikea's book with its new approach to home improvement.

Thomas Cookrisks collapse with summer holidays in turmoil as shares tumbled another 40 per cent yesterday after City analysts branded them 'worthless'.

Metro Banklast night warned it could face criminal charges over an accounting error as it suffered a backlash from disgruntled investors.

Easyjethas plunged deeper into the red due in part to more expensive fuel and the drone disruption at Gatwick in December.

Property tycoon Robert Tchenguiz is backing a shake-up at First Group that is being pushed by an activist US hedge fund.

Shares inAllied Mindswere soaring after activist investor Crystal Amber revealed it had built up a 4.2 per cent stake.

One of Facebook’s bosses has made millions of pounds from ‘killer’ takeovers by the social media company, fuelling concerns about his independence as a director.

Three popular holiday companies could be about to fall into the clutches of private equity predators.

The last thing Thomas Cook needed after Wednesday’s profit warning was a broker’s note telling investors that the tour operator’s shares were worthless.

Sir Philip Green is facing a battle with shopping centre landlords over the future of his Arcadia retail empire.

Thomas Cook'sshares took another hit today after the group battled to reassure customers their summer holiday plans will go ahead amid fears the company is close to collapse.

Marks & Spencer is speeding up its store closure programme with plans to shut 100 by the end of 2020 – two years ahead of schedule.

The FTSE 100 closed down 37.74 points at 7310.88 and the pound was at $1.27 against the dollar.

Ryanair's full year profits have fallen 29 per cent to £890million (€1.02 billion) after being hit with a 6 per cent decline in fares and rising costs, the company said.

Lloyds Banking Groupis bolstering its plans to transform the 'digital experience' for Halifax, Bank of Scotland, Lloyds Bank and Scottish Widows customers by creating hundreds of jobs at a new technology hub in Edinburgh.

Jaguar Land Rover racked up a record loss after diesel sales slumped – but insisted it is not trying to merge with French firm Peugeot.

Thomas Cook was battling a market rout last night as its shares and bonds plunged to record lows.

Theme park operatorMerlin Entertainmentswas hoping the announcement of its first Madame Tussauds franchise would cheer investors.

Low & Bonar has ousted its chief executive after being hammered by the US-China trade war.

Ryanair's annual profits dropped to a four-year low of £832 million as it was hit by a fall in fare takings and rising fuel costs.

A lacklustre performance from Ryanair is not a great development for Thomas Cook.

One of Provident Financial's biggest investors has again refused to back a hostile takeover bid.

Canadian miner Pure Gold will today join the London Stock Exchange.

Ailing investment manager Neil Woodford has been dealt a fresh blow after his business was downgraded by research firm Morningstar.

Asian stocks were given a lift after the Japanese economy made unexpected gains in the first quarter.

Foxtons was hit by an embarrassing investor revolt last night over fat-cat pay.

BP will come under pressure from investors to ramp up its fight against climate change during its annual general meeting today.

Mike Ashley has sold his entire stake in a struggling online firm which he owned with fellow retail tycoon Sir Philip Green, after a rift opened up between the pair.

Goldman Sachs is in talks to buy a chain of budget hotels for a reported £1.7 billion.

The UK bluechip index ended the day in positive territory, and the pound, having slipped towards $1.26 in the morning, rose again above $1.27 in the afternoon.

To say the last year has been a tricky one for energy retailers would perhaps be a bit of an understatement.

The pound has touched its lowest level since January, as traders fretted over the perils of a No Deal Brexit and Labour seizing power.

West End landlord Shaftesbury is preparing to fight off a £10million lawsuit launched by a shareholder.

A deepening trade war could wipe £472billion off the global economy without an urgent rethink, top economists have warned.

Strong sales of academic textbooks lifted annual profits up to £14million at publisher Bloomsbury – as Harry Potter again worked his magic.

Sales have plunged 25 per cent at the world's biggest diamond producer.

The private equity company that drove Comet into the ground is on a shortlist of bidders for Majestic Wine's 200 British stores.

It might be bleak for many on the British High Street – but stationery stalwart WH Smith is thriving.

Tesco Bank is pulling out of the mortgage market after its profits were hit by a brutal price war.

Disgraced beancounter KPMG was last night facing yet another fine from the regulators – this time for a record £12.5million.

Doorstep lender Provident Financial has been hit by a rebellion over bosses’ pay, dealing it a setback as it fights off a takeover bid.

Renationalising the water industry could raise customer bills and lower investment, Severn Trent claims.

The FTSE 100 closed up 5.27 points at 7334.19 and the pound was at $1.27 against the dollar.

Pret a Manger has bought rival food and drink chain EAT to help accelerate the growth of its vegetarian brand, the company has revealed.

The pound has marked its longest losing run against the euro since the continental currency began trading in 1999.

Fashion chain Prada will stop selling furs, in a major victory for animal rights campaigners.

Marks and Spencer bosses have pledged to rescue the 'wobbly' business as profits fell for the third consecutive year.

The most popular train booking website in the UK is to float on the London Stock Exchange for a reported £1.5billion.

The parent firm of Acacia Mining has proposed taking it off the stock market.

Royal Mail is the latest major British company to slash its dividend – a huge blow to thousands of small shareholders.

Pets at Home set tails wagging as performance last year was ahead of expectations.

Amazon headed off a rare shareholder revolt aimed at forcing it to curb sales of its controversial facial recognition software.

Mobile phone firm EE will switch on the UK's first ultra-fast 5G network next week – beating rival Vodafone by days.

The FTSE 100 closed down 103.15 points at 7231.04 and the pound was at $1.27 against the dollar.

RetailerB&Mplans to open 50 new stores across Britain as it hones in on people's desire for value shops and bucks the trend of the failing High Street.

A bloodbath is brewing in the markets today, amid a 'perfect storm' of weak eurozone economy figures, the UK's Brexit saga and the US' intensifying trade war with China.

Huawei's founder has been accused by US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo of lying about his company's ties to the Chinese government amid a spying row.

Of all the taxes we have to pay, inheritance tax is perhaps the most hated.

Ousted BT boss Gavin Patterson's final bonus was halved in the face of investor anger.

Weak global demand and political turmoil continue to pummel the eurozone's manufacturing industry, a closely-watched survey revealed.

Merlin Entertainments, the owner of Legoland and Madame Tussauds, has been urged by one of its largest investors to take its shares off the stock market and move to private ownership.

Sainsbury's will be banned from revisiting its botched merger with Asda for at least a decade, in a fresh blow for embattled boss Mike Coupe.

Thomas Cook has been thrown a lifeline after a private equity firm offered to buy its Nordic operations.

This week in ourHow to Get Rich series, we have had tips from City fund managers in charge of billions of pounds, shown you how to boost the value of your home and create a pension pot that will last for a lifetime.

Investment firm boss Andy Brown has awarded himself a bumper £46million pay package – despite seeing his fund shrink in size over the last year.

Lloyds Banking Group's boss will be hauled before MPs to answer questions about his vast pension payments.

A former High Court judge will probe the City watchdog over its failure to stop a savings scandal.

Oil prices have slumped five per cent in their biggest drop for six months – giving drivers some much-needed cheer.

Theresa May resigned as British Prime Minister today, but the widely expected announcement barely shifted markets.

Stagecoach has launched a second legal action against the Government for banning it from rail franchise bids unless it agrees to shoulder potentially huge staff pension liabilities.

Consumers continued to shop in April despite economic uncertainty with record growth seen online, official figures show.

While boardroom tussles are nothing new in the City, shareholders in Aussie plant hire and mining services outfit, Management Resource Solutions (MRS), have claimed what could be described a pyrrhic victory for its chairman John Zorbas.

Mothercare's chairman has apologised for a boardroom debacle that fuelled the struggling retailer's crisis.

Sir Philip Green is set to shut even more stores across his Arcadia retail empire than expected as it struggles to attract customers.

M&G is backing Provident Financial in its fight against a hostile bid from a rival.

Engineering business Redhall Group, which makes blast-proof doors for military bases, has found itself imploding.

The Bank of England has warned mortgage firms it will be 'watching them like a hawk' amid concerns over a rise in risky lending.

Lloyds has been forced to reveal that its chief executive handed thousands of shares to his children – almost a decade after the transfers took place.

Facebook boss Mark Zuckerberg held secret talks with Bank of England governor Mark Carney about launching a digital currency, it has been revealed.

Fiat Chrysler is holding tie-up talks with French rival Renault as the car industry battles a slowdown in sales.

The boss of troubled Metro Bank pocketed £2.5 million when he sold a large chunk of shares before the stock price tanked over fears about its future.

The founder of struggling fashion chain Monsoon Accessorize is preparing to throw it a £34 million lifeline.

The private equity owner of British Steel has insisted its collapse was not his fault.

Fears are mounting that Ukrainian oligarchs are plotting a takeover by stealth at London-listed JKX Oil & Gas.

Fiat Chrysler has made an audacious £27 billion bid to merge with Renault, in a move that could spark a wave of car industry mega-deals.

Rolls-Royce is seeking a start-up technology firm to help it build the world's first electric-powered passenger plane engines.

Qatar's sovereign wealth fund has bought a £200 million stake in water firm Severn Trent – despite threats by Labour leaders to nationalise the industry.

Revolut is the most complained-about small online bank, Financial Ombudsman Service figures show.

Quorn predicts bumper sales this year as vegans go crazy for the meat substitute it makes.

The head of Deutsche Bank's investment banking arm could quit over plans to shrink the business.

The Co-op supermarket group has raised £300 million to boost Fairtrade products.

Nestled six thousand miles away in China's Pearl River Delta region is a bizarre sight.

As investors digested the European election results after after leaving their screens for the long bank holiday weekend, the pound remained in the doldrums, trading at about $1.27.

Administrators for collapsed women's fashion chain Select are making a last-ditch attempt to save the retailer, its 169 shops and its 1,800 employees.

Flybe's boss will step down in July once the struggling budget airline is sold to a consortium led by Virgin.

Luxury tonic company Double Dutch has made a major push into the US to rival stock market darling Fever Tree.

High-interest loan firm Amigo has vowed to tackle 'urban myths' about its lending practices after posting a surge in profits.

Gordon Ramsay's restaurants broke even last year as he weathered a storm that pushed fellow TV chef Jamie Oliver's chain into administration.

Italy is looking at a £2.7 billion fine from Brussels for breaking eurozone budget rules by spending billions more than it raises in taxes.

The number of house buyers getting a mortgage has climbed to its highest level in over a year.

Shares in Galliford Try leapt after its rejection of a £950m bid for its housebuilding and regeneration arm sparked a frenzy of takeover talk.

The firm battling to buy doorstep lender Provident Financial has launched a last-ditch bid to woo investors amid fears its deal could collapse.

Executives from US construction equipment giant Caterpillar are in Britain for crunch talks about the British Steel crisis.

A Scottish company that is the world's biggest manufacturer of double-decker buses has been sold to a Canadian rival for £320m.

Collapsed retailer Select is seeking to slash rents to secure a rescue deal for the womenswear chain.

The drive to become more energy-efficient amid concerns over climate change, and the rush to develop mass market electric cars, are key factors behind the proposed £27 billion merger of Fiat Chrysler with Renault.

The company behind the Yellow Pages has been accused of gaming a major customer review website to get better scores.

The blue-chip index took a tumble on Wednesday as traders struggled to find anything other than the US-China trade war to focus on.

The UK grocery market grew by just 1.3 per cent in the last three months, Kantar said, as supermarket sales cooled in the shadow of last year's record-breaking May.

Brexit 'paralysis' is continuing to take its toll on Britain's service sector, the Confederation of British Industry has warned.

Marks & Spencer plans to raise £600million to invest in Ocado through one of the UK's largest rights issues.

Car production plummeted last month as manufacturers shut down their factories to avoid Brexit disruption.

Vegan burger company Beyond Meat is planning to start production of its plant-based products in Europe next year as it pushes beyond the US.

The boss of Gulf Marine Services is fighting for his job after investors rebelled against executive pay.

The boss of Ladbrokes owner GVC has given up a six-figure pay rise in a desperate attempt to avoid an investor revolt at next week's AGM.

The boss of UK micro-chip maker Arm has been paid £8million by its Japanese parent.

Regulators have launched a probe into the hostile takeover of doorstep lender Provident Financial.

Shares in Ocado fell 3 per cent after a leading City analyst said one of the company's founders was creating a viable competitor to the online grocer.

British tech pioneer Trainline is powering ahead with a blockbuster £1.5billion float on the London stock market next month.

The trade spat between the US and China took an interesting turn yesterday when Beijing threatened to restrict rare earth mineral exports to the US.

A quarterly reshuffle of the UK's blue chip firms next week threatens to force high street stalwart M&S out of the FTSE 100 for the first time since the index’s launch 35 years ago.

Watches of Switzerlandgot off to a good start in its first day of trading on the London stock market today, with its shares rising at the open, even after being priced at the top end of the guidance range.

It's not just UK domination that German discount chain Aldi has its sights set on – the cut price supermarket is now marching into China with its first physical shops.

DMGT shares climbed sharply after it reported MailOnline's 25 per cent sales growth had outstripped falling print revenues.

Nervous savers pulled cash out of Neil Woodford's flagship fund as it lost £560 million of its value in just four weeks.

Ocado has set aside £120 million worth of shares in preparation for a bumper payout to top executives.

First Group's plans to break up its rail and bus business and focus on North America have been branded 'woefully inadequate' by its biggest shareholder.

Premier Foods' chairman is stepping down amid pressure from activist investors to overhaul the business.

Amey is close to securing a £300 million deal to abandon a disastrous roads contract that threatened to sink the whole company.

Royal Mail has beefed up its top team by appointing Baroness Hogg as a non-executive director.

Two of KPMG's senior female partners have quit the accountant in protest at alleged bullying by a top male staff member.

Warmer weather contributed to a record harvest for Chapel Down during 2018 as it toasted soaring sales.

De La Rue shares crashed to a 15-year low as its boss was finally axed following a third profit warning in two years.

Watches of Switzerlandticked higher on its first day of trading in London yesterday.

Sir Philip Green and his senior lieutenants have set out their plans to try to rescue the tycoon's Arcadia fashion empire in a letter to the group's 18,000 staff.

Legal & General Groupwill no longer offer insurance policies to households after the company sold off its insurance business to German rival Allianz £242million.

It was a fairly glum week for cake icing makerReal Good Foodafter it received a hefty fine from the London Stock Exchange as the final act in a two-year ordeal over what was described as a pattern of 'unacceptable conduct' by its previous board.

What is it?

EE is under fire after launching its 5G network using kit from controversial Chinese group Huawei.

Allianz will become the second biggest insurer in Britain after an £820million double swoop.

Vodafone’sboss saw his pay slashed by a quarter after another dismal year for the company’s shares.

Thousands of savers who lost money in the collapse of London Capital & Finance have been told they could get compensation.

Global stock markets tumbled after President Trump targeted Mexico in the next phase of his trade war.

Uber’s quarterly results, albeit showing a massive loss, revealed the ride hailing giant’s food delivery business to be in rude health, suggesting its UK rival,Just Eat, may have a fight on its hands.

What is it?

Mountain Warehouse is planning to open more stores after strong demand for its clothes among women sent sales up 13 per cent to £255million.

The row over Chinese firm Huawei will be 'incredibly damaging' for Arm, the founder of the British technology giant has claimed.

The trade war is becoming a tech war, and it will carry on long after Donald Trump leaves the White House.

Entering the boardroom of FTSE 250 property firm Daejan Holdings is like stepping into a time machine.

The bosses of Ladbrokes owner GVC are readying for a bruising encounter with shareholders over fat cat pay at this week's annual general meeting.

Another shareholder in Provident Financial has snubbed a £1.3 billion takeover attempt from the doorstep lender's former boss.

Manufacturing firms have warned that a No Deal Brexit would be 'lunacy', as orders made to UK firms continue to weaken.

Easyjet is set to slip out of the FTSE 100 this Wednesday when the stock market index completes its latest reshuffle.

Clive Lewis, the chairman of fashion chain River Island, is the latest boss to demand reform of the discredited business rates system.

The Footsie closed higher after slumping to three-month lows this morning, but trade concerns persist.

Swedish retail giant Ikea plunged into the red in the UK last year as the weak pound, new store openings and the rise in its online business all took a bite out of profits.

Australian investment house Macquarie has hired financial advisers to find a buyer for Condor, the firm that runs ferries from Poole to the Channel Islands.

Britain's manufacturing sector has shrunk for the first time since the months following the EU referendum, as the after effects of stockpiling in case of a March 29th no-deal Brexit hit.

Portugal's largest private airline has emerged as a surprise new bidder for a chunk of beleaguered travel firmThomas Cook.

The heirs to the KP Nuts fortune have been branded the 'new unacceptable face of capitalism' by a major shareholder in an astonishing attack.

Hargreaves Lansdown last night removed Neil Woodford's funds from its best-buy list in a major setback for the once-feted stock picker.

Ocado chairman Lord Rose has scooped £7.4 million by selling two batches of shares in the company.

Shareholders in ailingMetro Bankapproved its £375 million emergency fundraising – but this wasn’t enough to stop the shares sliding.

BP is under fire for an 'indefensible' deal that will see it pay more than £7 billion to a businessman embroiled in corruption claims.

More than £118 billion has been wiped off the value of some of America's biggest technology firms amid fears over a major regulatory crackdown.

Neil Woodford suffered another blow as shares in Kier crashed by 41 per cent.

The long-standing head of Glencore's oil business is retiring amid US investigations.

The fate of Sir Philip Green's Arcadia empire will be decided tomorrow.

Ineos is investing £1.6 billion in Saudi Arabia.

AstraZeneca has revealed positive results for a pancreatic cancer drug.

Kcom has recommended a raised takeover offer to shareholders after another suitor made an approach.

Lord Ashcroft has loaned £2 million to loss-making English wine business Gusbourne.

Oil giant Royal Dutch Shell committed to handing out £99billion in dividend payments to shareholders over four years.

Shares in online electricals and white goods retailerAO Worldfell today after it revealed that annual losses widened compared to the previous year.

A 'staggering' slowdown in spending last month made for another extremely tough month for Britain's retailers, new figures show, and could lead to more job losses and store closures.

Shares in Royal Dutch Shell fell despite the oil and gas giant revealing plans to return $125billion (£99billion) to shareholders over five years through dividends and share buybacks.

Bosses at Aston Martin have been splashing their cash, buying thousands of pounds' worth of shares in the company.

Bosses at luxury jeweller Watches of Switzerland enjoyed a £14million windfall after its stock market debut.

The downfall of Neil Woodford sent shock waves through the stock market as shares tumbled in companies linked to the once-feted fund manager.

Steel tycoon Sanjeev Gupta was last night backing away from a bid to buy British Steel and save 5,000 jobs.

Sainsbury's boss Mike Coupe has landed a £3.9million payday despite the supermarket's botched £14billion merger with Asda.

Sir Philip Green last night sealed a crucial deal over pensions to secure the future of his Arcadia retail empire.

The FTSE 100 closed up 5.93 points at 7220.22 and the pound was at $1.27 against the dollar.

Non-Standard Finance (NSF) has ditched plans for a £1.3billion hostile takeover of doorstop lending groupProvident Financial.

Activity in Britain's crucial service sector rose to a three-month high last month, new figures revealed today.

Cut-price greetings card chain Card Factory said today that record sales over Valentine's and Mother's Day helped boost its performance at the start of 2019.

Deal hungry retail tycoon Mike Ashley looked to extend his grip on the High Street today as his Sports Direct tabled a bid for struggling chain Game Digital.

The owner of Welcome Break motorway service stations has claimed Brexit has 'impacted on consumer sentiment.'

The owner of Ladbrokes and Foxy Bingo is under fire on two fronts after it faced a backlash over fat cat pay and its decision to hold its annual general meeting in Gibraltar.

The tycoon behind a hostile bid to seize doorstep lender Provident Financial has been left humiliated after the deal collapsed.

Former Hewlett Packard boss Meg Whitman denied trying to throw British entrepreneur Mike Lynch 'under the bus' over the disastrous takeover of Autonomy, the High Court heard yesterday.

German media giant Axel Springer could take advantage of Neil Woodford’s crisis to scoop up more shares in Purplebricks – and even take it off the stock market.

City star Neil Woodford's investment fund is to be investigated by the Financial Conduct Authority.

The future of Sir Philip Green's retail empire Arcadia hangs in the balance after reaching a stalemate with landlords over proposals to keep the business afloat.

The FTSE 100 closed up 39.63 points at 7259.85 and the pound was at $1.27 against the dollar.

Joules - best known for its floral wellies and polka dot rain coats - fashioned a double-digit sales rise in the last 12 months and said that profits were likely to be in the top end of market expectations.

Barclays and Royal Bank of Scotland are among five banks fined for a second time in as many months over their role in a currency rigging cartel, authorities have revealed.

Judged by the standards of most tycoons, insurance entrepreneur Sir Peter Wood, founder of Direct Line, Esure and Go Compare, is a laid-back figure.

New Look founder Tom Singh has announced his retirement amid a major boardroom reshuffle.

Rolls-Royce has offloaded a £4.6billion chunk of its pension scheme covering 33,000 members to Legal & General, in the biggest deal of its kind in the UK.

Aviva's boss has unveiled plans to axe 1,800 jobs and pave the way for a break-up of the business.

Entertainment One shares surged nearly 16 per cent higher after the maker of Peppa Pig refuted a report that the company's president and chief content officer was in talks to quit.

In a move that will knock the banks but please their customers, the FCA has ploughed ahead with its decision to clamp down on higher fees for unarranged overdrafts.

Shares in Games Workshop marched 5 per cent higher today after the miniature fantasy figures firm lifted the lid on another stellar full-year performance.

The big news in the markets this week has been the fall from grace of superstar stock pickerNeil Woodford, who on Monday said he had suspended trading in his Woodford Equity Income Fundfor at least 28 days after a slew of investors started to pull their cash.

Boohoo co-founder and chairman Mahmud Kamani is facing a £118.5million legal claim from an IT contractor purporting to be the firm's third founder.

The City watchdog is under fire for failing to spot warning signs of the growing crisis at Neil Woodford's fund management empire.

BT boss Philip Jansen has snapped up just under £3million shares in the business.

Waterstones' British boss has been despatched across the Atlantic to revive the fortunes of America's biggest bookstore chain.

Shares in Millennium & Copthorne Hotels jumped nearly 40 per cent after a Singaporean group launched a £2.2bilion bid for the company.

GlaxoSmithKline has sold a clutch of brands including antiseptic cream Savlon in a deal with Huddersfield-based Thornton & Ross.

A company hoping to open a surface mine in Northumberland is this weekend waiting for a ruling that is likely to prove a watershed for the future of the coal industry in the UK.

Shares in Neil Woodford's stock market listed investment trust fell again yesterday – taking losses this week to nearly 20 per cent.

A Chinese investor inThomas Cookis in talks to buy the firm's tour operating business – a move that could lead to the break-up of one of Britain's oldest and best known travel companies.

A Harvard contemporary of Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg has predicted the social media giant's shares will halve over the next two years after accusing it of the 'largest fraud in corporate history' and branding the tech billionaire a 'liar'.

Hedge funds have placed a £900million bet that shares held by Neil Woodford will plummet as the star fund manager is forced into a fire sale.

The Queen's property empire is among a string of landlords locked in last minute talks over a massive restructuring of Sir Philip Green's Topshop to Dorothy Perkins group.

The publisher of the Houses of Parliament's in-house magazine is in talks with a rival about a £50million combination.

Debenhams chairman Terry Duddy wants to shrink up to 30 of its remaining department stores to revitalise the chain for the online era.

British designers have been showcasing their latest styles during London Fashion Week Men's.

Property developer Helical has reportedly received a secret takeover bid worth about £500 million from an American private equity group.

The boss of Hargreaves Lansdown has come under fire for a 'belated' apology as the company's links with Neil Woodford plunge it into crisis.

'The UK experienced the worst footfall figures in six years,' thundered BRC boss Helen Dickinson, pointing to concerning declines in shopper numbers across high streets, retail parks and shopping centres.

Ocado has taken another step away from food delivery and towards technology as it unveiled plans to expand into food production with two major investments in vertical farming.

Visitor numbers across Britain's shopping destinations slumped to their weakest level for six years last month as shoppers grappled with cooler weather and enduring political and economical uncertainty.

Housebuilder MJ Gleeson saw its shares tumble 11 per cent today, after its boss stepped down in a bust up over his pay.

Steep tax cuts planned by the Tory contenders battling to become Prime Minister could trigger a surge in public debt, experts warned.

The economy shrank by 0.4 per cent in April as car makers stopped production due to Brexit.

Online grocer Ocado was growing on investors after it announced two investments worth £17million in skyscraper farming firms.

Furious traders have wiped £1.5billion off the value of Hargreaves Lansdown amid a backlash over its cosy relationship with Neil Woodford.

Sainsbury's and Asda hiked prices across hundreds of products as their £14billion merger was blocked.

An entrepreneur whose severe food intolerances meant he could not eat chocolate has launched his own allergy-free alternative.

'Profit' is one of the most common words in the business cannon, but also one of the slippiest - meaning wildly different things to different people.

This time a year ago Quiz shares were selling for nearly 200p a pop, but after a torrid 12 months and a string of profit warnings, the fashion chain's stock is close to hitting rock bottom.

Life remains difficult for troubled fashion chain Ted Baker.

Mike Ashley's Sports Direct has gone back into battle with Debenhams, launching last-minute legal proceedings against a rescue deal that was voted through by its creditors last month.

Retirement firm Saga is joining forces with Goldman Sachs to offer savings accounts to the over-50s.

Hazard detection company Halma has once again proved itself a safe bet for investors.

Sir Philip Green's Arcadia retail empire could crash into administration today unless it can strike a deal with store landlords.

Hargreaves Lansdown has been ordered to explain why it repeatedly plugged Neil Woodford's toxic flagship fund.

Hewlett-Packard's former finance chief has been accused of making up evidence in the blockbuster Autonomy fraud trial.

Sainsbury's has appointed former RBS executive Jim Brown to head up its bank.

Housebuilders and property firms face a full-blown competition probe into the mis-selling of homes with leasehold contracts.

After a six-day rally, US equity markets gave up early gains on Tuesday to just about end in negative territory.

The march of the German discounters continues, as cut-price grocer Lidl reveals plans to open 40 new shops in London and the surrounding area.

Consumer goods giantReckitt Benckiserhas nabbed the chief commercial officer of PepsciCo as its new chief executive.

Boohoo sharesslipped into the red in early trading today, despite the online fashion firm posting the sort of sales performance that many of its struggling retail rivals could only dream of.

The new boss of consumer goods giant Reckitt Benckiser could receive a pay package worth more than £16.6m.

Majestic Wine's High Street stores could fall into the hands of US investment giant Elliott Advisors.

Embattled Neil Woodford has insisted his investment strategy can still deliver big returns – despite a meltdown at his flagship fund.

Sir Philip Green faces a 'huge battle' to turn around his struggling retail empire after narrowly winning support from landlords for a rescue plan that will hand the group a lifeline.

The world's largest sovereign wealth fund has taken a further step to ditch its investments in fossil fuels.

Elon Musk has claimed Tesla is set for record sales after a 'hell of a year'.

A car-crash update from vehicle retailerPendragonhas caused its shares to hit the skids.

The boss of over-50s specialist Saga has quit after presiding over an 79 per cent slump in its share price.

British broadcaster Sky has vowed to double its spending on making new programmes to £1 billion per year.

The price of a barrel of oil has jumped to $61 on news of explosions hitting two oil tankers off the coast of Iran as traders fear an escalation of tensions in the region.

Supermarket Iceland is is joining Aldi and Lidl in the race to expand its store base up and down the country.

Morrisons has taken its partnership with online giant Amazon up a gear – a move that analysts say will 'strike fear' into the the hearts of its rivals as the £14billion online grocery market continues to evolve at pace.

Shares inMarks & Spencerhave fallen today after the group unveiled the results of its investor cash call.

Majestic Wine shares flashed red in early trading on Thursday after the booze giant reported a bruising full-year loss.

Jamie Oliver’s last three restaurants have been saved from closure after the collapse of his business.

The eurozone is facing significant risks due to global trade tensions, a possible No Deal Brexit and debt-laden countries’ failure to reform, top economists have warned.

Steve Murrells, the chief executive of the Co-op Group, is planning to hang up his suit, don his jeans and wellies and mingle with the crowds at Glastonbury.

Sir Philip Green faces an uphill struggle to turn around his ailing retail empire after pulling it back from the brink of collapse, analysts have warned.

Hargreaves Lansdown has pulled £45million of savers’ money out of Neil Woodford’s Income Focus fund, as analysis reveals it has shifted towards potentially riskier smaller companies.

The bankers responsible for a toxic unit accused of wrecking small firms will never be punished by the City watchdog – and their names will stay secret.

Luxury items such as art, classic cars and fine wine has outperformed shares for the fourth year in a row.

Marks & Spencer received a lukewarm response to its £600million cash call as investors stayed away.

The oil giants are in focus today for a number of reasons.

Shares inKier Grouphave plunged by more than a third today following reports that the Crossrail contractor is looking to sell its housebuilding division as part of a restructuring plan.

What a week it was forMajestic Wines, which as well as announcing the unexpected departure of its chairman Greg Hodder and a swing to loss in its final results, appears to have three bidders for its branch network.

The price of an ounce of gold surged to heights not seen in more than a year, pushing a bunch of precious metals stocks higher.

The London Metal Exchange has called time on drinking at work as it seeks to enter the modern age.

Roger Stott, group finance director of investment platform AJ Bell, pocketed £202,168 this week from selling shares.

Kier shares have tumbled to a record low in yet another devastating blow for beleaguered fund manager Neil Woodford.

What is it?

Insurer Swiss Re will float its British life operation in a £3.5billion spin-off next month.

The entire board ofRoyal Mailhas been refused a bonus after a dismal year in which shares fell by more than 50 per cent.

What is it?

Chinese stockbroker Huatai Securities is to list shares in London in a milestone for the City.

Beleaguered fund manager Neil Woodford faced questions last night over whether potential conflicts of interest and longstanding personal ties across his now crumbling empire contributed to the crisis that has engulfed thousands of savers.

Marks & Spencer shares have slumped to a ten-year low after the retailer's cash-call to pay for a historic tie-up with food delivery firm Ocado.

A financial technology firm advised by David Cameron has carried out its first acquisition since Japan's SoftBank invested £500 million in the business.

Shareholders in retirement income firm Just Group have endured a torrid time over the past 12 months.

One of Britain's largest privately owned treatment centres for drug addicts could be about to change hands after its American investor became embroiled in an FBI investigation into the alleged bribery of public officials.

The Government is locked in crunch talks in an effort to avoid a lengthy High Court battle by settling a £1.25 billion legal claim by an Iranian bank.

The heirs to the KP Nuts fortune have been hit by a second successive shareholder rebellion over pay which has triggered calls for an overhaul of corporate governance.

Fashion chain Jigsaw has drafted in a string of directors to its board, including Glasses Direct entrepreneur Jamie Murray Wells, as it strives to revive its fortunes.

The chief executive of Stobart is in line for a controversial bonus of up to £30 million, it has emerged.

Dixons Carphone has hatched a plan to double the amount of products sold on credit.

Bank of England governor Mark Carney collected a £150,000 pension package worth close to a third of his £480,000 annual salary.

Listed companies in the UK will become the first foreign firms to sell shares in China today.

Summer sun and a vegan beauty boom boosted Superdrug's revenues by 3.3 per cent, taking total sales to £1.28 billion.

Banks are braced for payment protection insurance (PPI) claims costing billions of pounds as a crunch deadline looms.

Britain's three best-known fund managers raked in as much as £105 million between them last year, sparking concerns the industry is out of control.

Shares in Neil Woodford's Patient Capital investment trust are on the slide again as the cloud over the fund manager looms large still.

Britain's largest onshore gas field has been discovered by a trio of mining companies near Hull.

Fallen Nissan boss Carlos Ghosn's wife has issued a tearful plea to bring her husband home.

Almost £2billion was wiped off Europe's biggest airlines after Lufthansa warned its profits are being dented by 'cut-throat' competition.

Tainted KPMG has been fined £40million because staff cheated on ethics exams and were given illegal tip-offs about inspections by regulators.

Defence giant Babcock is sailing higher after revealing it rebuffed two takeover attempts by Serco, the outsourcer run by Winston Churchill’s grandson.

Neil Woodford's right-hand man borrowed £3million from their company as he launched a major building project at his lavish Oxfordshire home.

Sotheby's is being bought by telecoms tycoon Patrick Drahi in a £2.9billion deal.

Defence contractor Babcock has been at pains recently to put distance between itself and the struggling outsourcing sector.

Airbus secured a slew of major orders on the opening day of the Paris Air Show as its arch rival Boeing was left apologising again for two deadly plane crashes.

Property tycoon Nick Candy has agreed to throw yet more cash behind podcast maker Audioboom.

Department store retailer John Lewis & Partners has launched a new initiative to enable shoppers to return items for free and without leaving the comfort of their own homes.

Stock markets on both sides of the Atlantic have shot up after European Central Bank boss Mario Draghi indicated there could be a fresh round of monetary stimulus measures to boost the eurozone.

Former BHS owner Dominic Chappell will fight claims he evaded tax and bought two yachts to launder company money.

Boeing received a much-needed vote of confidence in its beleaguered 737 MAX planes after British Airways-owner IAG signed a deal to buy 200 of them.

The UK's vibrant and fiercely competitive Press finds itself under siege.

Neil Woodford has managed to raise a little more cash for his disgruntled investors, after selling a chunk of shares in Oakley Capital Investments.

Ashtead Group has reported a 17 per cent rise in annual profits to £1.1billion.

Donald Trump traded blows with Mario Draghi yesterday in an extraordinary war of words over currency manipulation.

Tesco could open a chain of shops dedicated to its upmarket Finest food range.

It's a busy day on the business and markets front, with UK inflation figures expected later this morning, the latest from the Fed this afternoon and plenty of company news to chew over in the meantime.

Jerome Powell occupies what some see as the most important job in the world.

Beds retailer Dreams, which slumped into administration six years ago, is sleeping easy now after chalking up its fifth consecutive year of sales and profit growth.

Shares inSagahave slumped over 11 per cent this afternoon, after the group warned its travel arm has taken a hit amid stiff competition and 'political uncertainties.'

Hargreaves Lansdown first raised concerns about Neil Woodford's suspended fund two years ago, but carried on promoting it – earning millions in fees.

Insurance market Lloyd's of London must tackle sexism following a harassment scandal, a top Bank of England official has said.

British Gas owner Centrica is preparing to axe 700 jobs as it fights to slash costs.

Mark Carney faces calls to come clean about a secret meeting with Facebook's founder over plans for a new digital currency.

Marks & Spencer was feeling the pressure afterTescounveiled its plan to launch a range of high-end stores.

Private equity firm Indigo Partners has struck a deal for 50 Airbus jets.

Lloydsboss Antonio Horta-Osorio is a charismatic 'winner' who is loved by staff and deserves his bumper £419,000 annual pension contribution, the bank has claimed.

The rate of inflation dipped as air fares fell after Easter, boosting workers' pay.

Retirement business Saga has suffered an embarrassing investor revolt over fat cat pay.

Luxury housebuilder Berkeley has shifted away from London – as prices in the capital fall again.

The US Federal Reserve primed markets for an interest rate cut last night by warning of greater uncertainty in the economy.

Aircraft maker Bombardier expects to complete the sale of its Northern Ireland operations this year.

Ocado has sold a beauty business to Next as it looks to focus on its tie-up with Marks & Spencer.

Intensely challenging conditions in the UK retail sector look set to claim another casualty as the future of bathroom specialist Bathstore hangs in the balance.

Electricals giant Dixons Carphone is still busily trying to wrap its head around how it can remain relevant in a fast-changing mobile phones market.

Neil Woodford has been urged to hand money back to investors as soon as possible from his scandal-hit flagship fund – even if that means selling the entire operation.

Facebook  will not be given a free pass as it launches its online currency Libra, the Bank of England's governor has said.

Hornby is firing up the engines on a comeback for Airfix models.

Britain is vulnerable to another cyber attack like the Wannacry strike that temporarily crippled the NHS in 2017, a defence industry executive has warned.

Tesla has handed customers the keys to its first Model 3 cars to hit British roads.

The price of oil surged 3 per cent after Iran said it shot down a US drone, ramping up tensions in the Middle East.

BCA Marketplace’s boss is likely to scoop more than £16million through the sale of the company to private equity.

Britain's biggest defence firm has hit the skids, after the UK suspended granting export licences for weapons that might be used by Saudi Arabia in Yemen.

A marketing chief who sold toxic bonds to investors in one of Britain's biggest savings scandals has been arrested in a fraud probe.

Monsoon Accessorize is pleading with landlords for rent reductions on more than half of its 258 stores.

The British co-founder of tech firm Slack is sitting on a fortune of more than £550million after the company made a blockbuster stock market debut.

Britain's biggest investment manager has released its second blacklist of companies which are failing to address environmental concerns.

More than 400 staff at The Money Shop are facing redundancy as the major pawn broking and cash loans company – Instant Cash Loans Limited (ICL) – ceases trading.

The City watchdog has slammed Bank of Scotland with a £45.5million fine for failing to disclose suspicions of fraud at its Reading office to regulators and the police.

Shareholders in online fashion retailer Boohoo have revolted over fat cat pay after the new chief executive was handed a package that could include a £50million bonus.

Tescoboss Dave Lewis has been awarded stock in the company worth £3.5million.

The boss of the UK's most popular train ticket website has gained a fortune of more than £50million after her company's float took the City by storm.

Neil Woodford’s Equity Income fund may be struggling to right itself, but his Patient Capital Trust is keeping up with its commitments despite its recent slump.

Supermarket giant Sainsbury's has been blasted for 'rewarding failure' by handing bumper rewards to chief executive Mike Coupe despite a calamitous end to his attempted merger with Asda.

Transport giantFirstGroupfaces a dramatic showdown with investors on Tuesday after the rail and bus company's largest shareholder launched a final push to unseat a string of board members.

The boss of mobile operator Three has warned that banning Huawei from the UK could force telecoms firms to merge with rivals to cut costs.

One of the few cannabis firms listed in London is considering a move to America's heavyweight Nasdaq Exchange.

The private equity owners of posh pet food company MPM have appointed advisers to find a buyer.

From today, plastic bags will no longer be available at 53 Boots stores as the company vows to scrap them completely by early next year.

Princess Yachts is hoping to ramp up annual production rates over the next three years.

Troubled flash sale site MySale has put itself on the shelf after a torrid year in which its market value shrivelled to a little over £10million.

First Group faces a major rebellion today after some of the City's most influential fund managers threw their weight behind an activist investor.

Insurance rates are on the up.

Bitcoin surged again today, further above the $11,100 barrier after major gains already yesterday.

The firm behind the Caesars Palace casino in Las Vegas has agreed to a mega merger with a rival.

Money manager Neil Woodford is locked in talks with private equity as he looks to free up cash by selling stakes in unlisted companies.

Collapsed lender HBOS was investigating another alleged fraud at the same time as it probed a case in Reading which saw corrupt bankers jailed.

Some of the UK's biggest retailers have been forced to start their summer sales early as the High Street fights for survival.

The German economy is 'heading for the doldrums' amid fears over its car industry, a global trade war and Brexit.

Online takeaway firm Just Eat has beefed up its board with former Uber Eats executive Jambu Palaniappan, who joins as a non-executive director from tech investment firm Atomico.

Boss of Highland Spring Les Montgomery has become the latest business chief to urge MPs to take radical action against the world's waste crisis.

The FTSE 100 closed up 5.74 points at 7422.43 and the pound was at £1.27 against the dollar.

New Look suffered hefty losses of more than £500million last year, but stemmed its declining sales amid drastic measures to win back shoppers.

Three of the UK's biggest supermarkets saw sales slip in the last three months as grocer's struggled to ring up the bumper sales growth they enjoyed during last year's heatwave.

The price of gold has hit its highest in six years as investors turn to the safe-haven asset on the back of a weaker dollar, rising geopolitical tensions and falling bond yields.

The boss of struggling fashion chain New Look has blamed 'c**p' weather for deterring shoppers and denting sales.

High Street sales have suffered their biggest fall for more than a decade as the miserable weather takes its toll.

Old school bricks and mortar clothing chain Marks & Spencer managed to get one over on trendy online fashion retailer Asos thanks to some divergent broker comment.

A 'war room' to tackle suspect investment schemes advertised online has been set up.

The embattled chairman of First Group stepped down last night minutes after surviving a coup bid by shareholders.

Neil Woodford stretched financial rules to breaking point in the months before the crisis erupted at his flagship fund, claims the City watchdog.

A spike in sackings of chief executives helped a management training firm to boost sales.

The owner of De Beers has reported a slump in diamond sales, blaming a fall in demand from Asian customers.

Medical equipment group Smith & Nephew is thinking of shifting its listing to the US.

Struggling Carpetright has revealed the extent of its pain since a major restructuring.

The FTSE 100 closed down 6.04 points at 7416.39 and the pound was at $1.27 against the dollar.

Investors in Neil Woodford's locked down fund received a morsel of good news today as one of the companies he is a major shareholder in agreed a £1.9billion takeover deal.

One of Bonmarche's largest shareholders said it was 'disgusted' after the troubled retailer dropped its opposition to a £5.7m takeover bid from retail tycoon Philip Day.

British technology tycoon Mike Lynch has hit back at £4 billion fraud allegations and insisted Autonomy was 'one of the most successful companies England has ever produced'.

Mark Carney has warned that funds such as the one suspended by Neil Woodford are 'built on a lie' and threaten the global economy.

Storm clouds are gathering over the British economy and the High Street must prepare for recession, the boss of Boots has warned.

Pensions watchdogs could pursue Sir Philip Green's wife in Monaco if she breaks her word to inject cash into Arcadia's retirement scheme.

Asset manager Jupiter Fund Management, led by a board that includes Edward Bonham Carter – brother of Hollywood star Helena – was on the front foot after Peel Hunt analysts turned positive on the shares.

Neil Woodford has backed the £1.9 billion takeover of We Buy Any Car owner BCA Marketplace.

The FTSE 100 closed down 14 points, or 0.2%, at 7,402.33 as as trade tension between the US and China are at the forefront of traders’ minds ahead of this weekend's G20 meetings.

The boss of troubled car dealership group Pendragon is stepping down at the end of this week, after less than four months in the top job.

After four years of planning and negotiation, the Shanghai-London Stock Connect launched on 17 June 2019.

Glencore shares tumbled after a deadly mine collapse in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

Boeing's problems with its troubled 737 Max aircraft have descended into farce after it was forced to store grounded jets in one of its staff car parks.

Credit scoring companies face a crackdown from the City watchdog following long-running claims of bad practice.

Karen Millen has been put up for sale by its Icelandic owner.

Private equity sharks are preparing to target British companies in a deal-making frenzy after building up war chest of nearly £2 trillion.

Greene King is planning to cash in on the growing demand for vegan meals at its pubs.

Starbucks' British business siphoned £353million to its US arm - 15 times more than it paid in UK corporation tax, the coffee giant's accounts revealed today.

Aston Martin’s boss has been given £2.6million worth of shares.

Two insider traders who celebrated their ill-gotten gains with £3,000 bottles of champagne in an exclusive London nightclub have been jailed for three years each.

Shares ended the week in the green ahead of tomorrow's meeting between Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping.

The last 30 days have been a boon for the world’s gold traders, with the price of the yellow metal having risen by around 10 per cent since the end of May.

Alton Towers' owner is being bought for £6 billion by the family behind Lego – in a deal that will land its boss £31m.

A British entrepreneur has slammed EU rules after she was banned from using the word 'Skinny' on labels for her range of low-sugar sparkling wine.

Foreign exchange trading has been dominated by a laddish 'bro culture' which encourages dangerous risk-taking and illegal behaviour, a Bank of England official has said.

Housebuilders drove the FTSE 100 higher on Friday after Boris Johnson's plans to slash stamp duty in the event of a No Deal Brexit emerged.

Thousands of savers could get compensation over collapsed bond firm London Capital & Finance because they were given bad advice.

Big Four auditor KPMG is exploring a sale of its British pensions advisory business.

Britain's biggest banks posted a bumper combined profit of £22billion last year, new analysis shows.

Jaguar Land Rover is poised to build its next-generation electric cars in Birmingham, delivering a huge boost to 2,500 workers.

Network Rail has lodged a bid for part of the stricken British Steel empire.

The former protege of Neil Woodford has sold nearly £250million of holdings in firms not listed on the stock market – the sort of risky assets which brought down the tainted money manager.

Fashion chain Jack Wills is battling to steady the ship after a sales slump.

Markets have breathed a temporary sigh of relief on positive news from the G20 Summit in Osaka, including US President Trump unexpectedly lifting a ban on the sale of US software and equipment to Huawei.

Boss of sandwich, salad and coffee chain Pret a Manger, Clive Schlee, will step down later this year after a 16-year stint at the helm.

Dragon's Den investor Duncan Bannatyne is to adopt a ‘hands-on role’ in his health club empire as chief executive Justin Musgrove departs.

US technology giant Apple has handed itself a £313million dividend from UK subsidiaries.

A tech firm backed by Neil Woodford’s controversial Equity Income Fund has collapsed into administration.

Telit Communications has been fined £350,000 after former boss Oozi Cats concealed that he was wanted for fraud in the US.

Neil Woodford has raised nearly £460million in a rapid-fire sale of assets since he locked up his flagship fund.

Two Bonmarche bosses have sold their entire stakes to retail tycoon Philip Day.

A battle between two AIM-listed tiddlers has heated up as Science Group, an advisory business, made a £14.3million hostile bid for Frontier Smart Technologies.

Even as a schoolboy, Lars Windhorst dreamed of running a business empire.

Thorntons fell deeper into the red as it continued to shut stores on the High Street.

Stock markets around the world rallied and gold tumbled as investors cheered a thawing in the US-China trade dispute.

The Markit/CIPS UK construction purchasing managers' index (PMI) recorded a reading of 43.1 for June, down from 48.6 in May.

Treacherous conditions on the High Street have taken their toll on yet another UK retail chain as Office turns to its lenders for help with its mounting debt pile.

Topshop, Burton and Dorothy Perkins owner Arcadia Group escaped administration last month after its landlords and other creditors eventually gave it the green light to do seven CVAs – one for each of its brands.

Train ticket business Trainline said sales jumped by a fifth in the last three months as it issued its first trading update as a listed company.

The UK's construction output has plummeted at its steepest rate since 2009, as Brexit uncertainty and weaker demand hit all three major areas of the industry.

Online giant Amazon is set to create 2,000 jobs in the UK this year.

French beauty giant L'Oreal is in talks to snap up the Mugler and Azzaro perfume brands as it tries to boost sales.

Angry customers of Persimmon have accused the housebuilder of censorship after it seized control of a Facebook page to block criticism.

Sainsbury's shareholders have been urged to vote against chief executive Mike Coupe's pay package, and oppose the election of chairman Martin Scicluna.

The co-founder of Hargreaves Lansdown holds a major stake in the obscure stock exchange that Neil Woodford used to get around City rules on risky investments.

The chairman of Neil Woodford's Patient Capital Trust has quit her role at another firm amid the crisis surrounding the money manager.

It is still early days on the stock market for travel app Trainline – but judging by its performance so far, the firm is on the right track.

Under-pressure Sainsbury's boss Mike Coupe warned today that a 'no deal' Brexit on October 31st could 'significantly disrupt' the supply of food and even toys into the UK ahead of the all-important festive period.

Quarterly results from Sainsbury's make for grim reading today.

Monsoon and Accessorize have had their rent bills slashed after landlords voted in favour of proposals aimed at staving off financial trouble for the High Street chains.

A top financier who was jilted by Santander is suing the bank for £90m.

Denim dresses and leather jackets put a rocket under revenue at online womenswear firm Sosandar.

Sainsbury's boss Mike Coupe defended his £3.9m pay package as the grocer unveiled a further fall in sales.

The choice of Christine Lagarde as the next boss of the European Central Bank has sparked a backlash amid fears that it will politicise the institution.

Britain's developers have been suffering from the slowdown in the housing market.

The scandal engulfing shamed money manager Neil Woodford has laid bare how he conducted millions of pounds worth of business through a close-knit web of associates.

Vodafone has become the latest mobile provider to launch a 5G network.

Punters could be banned from betting on Bitcoin and other digital currencies under new rules.

William Hill has said it plans to close around 700 betting shopsacross the UK, with 4,500 jobs at risk.

Over half of properties sold by housebuilderPersimmonin the first six months of this year went to first-time buyers, the group's trading update reveals.

William Hill has revealed plans to close 700 of its UK betting shops, a move that puts around 4,500 jobs at risk and has huge implications for struggling UK High Streets.

Cut-price fashion giant Primark remains the jewel in the crown for FTSE 100 conglomerate Associated British Foods (ABF).

Now we know who will succeed Mario Draghi in the most difficult job in the world of economics and banking, and the most important one behind Federal Reserve boss.

Oil business Energean has put a rocket under its Mediterranean expansion plans with a £600million deal to buy assets from French company EDF.

Furious shareholders told the boss of Sainsbury's that its plunging share price was 'no laughing matter'.

Superdry has hired the former finance bosses of Marks & Spencer and New Look as part of a major overhaul.

Ongoing turmoil at the top of British politics has rattled business leaders, according to a survey.

The vegan food craze has seen the demand for yellow peas surge.

Barclays has been criticised for breaking rules designed to protect small businesses.

Jaguar Land Rover has confirmed reports it will build its new electric car models in Britain, starting with the XJ.

Shares in John Menzies flashed red on Friday morning after the major airport services and support firm issued a shock profit warning.

The boss of car giant BMW has announced he is quitting the group, days before a board meeting was due to take place to decide his future within the firm.

Up to 3,000 bookies could disappear from the High Street as a clampdown on 'crack cocaine' gambling machines begins to bite.

Luxury fashion firm Christian Louboutin has suffered a fall in UK sales amid a downturn on the High Street.

Challenger stock exchange Aquis has expanded by buying rival Nex – and is now considering a ban on vulture traders who bet on a company's shares tumbling.

Furious savers have accused Neil Woodford of getting rich off their misery – amid fears he is still raking in bumper profits at his toxic Equity Income fund.

As Brits get ready to pack their bags and jet off on their summer holidays, it might seem like business as usual for airlines.

The competition watchdog has fired a warning shot towards Silicon Valley with an investigation into Amazon's investment in Deliveroo.

Sainsbury's finance chief Kevin O'Byrne last week admitted during a frosty shareholder meeting that the £46million spent on merger talks with Asda was 'an awful lot of money'.

The Pitcher & Piano pubs chain could be about to change hands for up to £30million.

Superdry founder Julian Dunkerton will launch his blueprint to turn the fashion firm around this week when he is expected to include a significant writedown to account for poorly performing shops.

A Monaco-based Yorkshireman has paid himself close to £100million in dividends over the past decade from his stairlift firm.

The boss of William Hill has warned that if there is a 'draconian' crackdown on online slot machines it will drive punters to less safe betting sites.

Online bank Revolut is poised to appoint former Goldman Sachs executive Michael Sherwood to its board.

More than 1,100 farmers have not been paid for their livestock after the collapse of a cattle auction house which failed to keep its clients' money ring-fenced.

A company connected to the Paradise Papers leak has been put up for sale by its private equity owners for up to £700million.

Controversial millionaire Andrew Tinkler has launched a campaign to oust the boss of airports groupStobartamid an explosive row over a £30million bonus plan.

Boeing has suffered a fresh setback after Saudi Arabian budget airline Flyadeal cancelled a £4.7billion order for its 737 Max aircraft.

Businesses have been left in a 'horrible limbo' as the risk of a No Deal Brexit is forcing them to delay major investment decisions, it has been claimed.

Tesco is to open 750 convenience stores in Thailand over the next three years in its first major overseas expansion under chief executive Dave Lewis.

Deutsche Bank will slash 18,000 jobs over the next three years as part of a drastic overhaul to revive its fortunes.

Premier Foods is set for a showdown with investors over a pay award handed to former chief executive Gavin Darby.

British Airways has said it will contest a record £183million fine relating to a huge data breach last year, during which around 380,000 customer payment cards were compromised.

Debenhams has called upon billionaire tycoon Mike Ashley - boss of Sports Direct - to withdraw his complaint against the struggling retailer's store closure plan.

High Street chains suffered their worst June on record as cooler weather and heavy rain put customers off buying summer clothing, garden furniture and barbecues.

The City's leading regulator pledged to act over risky 'illiquid' investments three years before disaster struck Neil Woodford's flagship fund – but no rules were changed.

Deutsche CHE Bank staff were seen leaving its London office in tears after it announced one of the biggest rounds of lay-offs since the financial crisis.

Goldman Sachs veteran Michael Sherwood is joining the board of Revolut in an effort to improve the internet bank's image.

For a long time, online fashion firms seemed to be immune to the woes afflicting Britain's bricks-and-mortar retail sector.

Six in 10 entrepreneurs who set themselves up as a sole trader fail within five years, figures from economists show.

Imperial Brands will abandon a long-running policy of hiking its dividend by 10 per cent a year from 2020, as it battles a fall in its share price.

Coffee bean prices have sunk following a bumper harvest in Brazil – but the cost of your Starbucks is unlikely to get any cheaper.

The Footsie has ended the day in the red, as investors are less hopeful that the US Federal Reserve will go ahead with a sharp interest rate cut later this month.

Mike Ashley's Sports Direct International has sealed a £52million takeover of retailer Game Digital.

The former boss of a forestry investment scheme has been arrested at Heathrow airport as he returned to the UK.

Deutsche Bank managing directors were being fitted for luxury tailored suits while traders fired in a massive round of lay-offs left the building in tears.

A fire at Ocado's Andover warehouse in February has cost the online groceries firm almost £100million.

The boss of the financial regulator was paid four times as much as the prime minister – despite his failure to stop the Woodford scandal.

L'Oreal is thriving in China as millions of families embrace make-up for the first time.

The pound sank to its lowest levels in more than two years as traders fretted about the state of the economy and the rising chance of a 'no deal' Brexit.

The company behind cartoon character Hello Kitty has been slapped with a £5.6million fine for breaking competition rules.

Removing unpopular Quality Street chocolates from the box is an annual ritual for many families.

Whether it's the glamour of the Cote d'Azur, the haughty chateaux or the abundance of cheese and wine, Britons can't get enough of France.

America's S&P 500 index has topped 3000 points for the first time ever today as investors were buoyed by dovish remarks from Federal Reserve chief Jerome Powell as he briefed Congress.

Superdryhas revealed it slumped to a loss last year and said sales this financial year will continue to fall in what it described as a 'year of reset'.

Care home group Four Seasons Health Care is on track to be rescued by September –throwing a lifeline to its 16,000 elderly residents.

US stocks surged to record highs after the chairman of the Federal Reserve gave his strongest hint yet that interest rates will be reduced.

A pick-up in car production helped the UK grow at a faster rate than expected in May.

It's no secret that London house prices are falling.

Two directors of unauthorised companies have been ordered to give up £3.4million after running fake investment schemes.

The boss of Aston Martin Lagonda has attacked ministers' Brexit strategy – and said a No Deal departure is better than more uncertainty.

Pop star Lady Gaga has joined forces with internet shopping colossus Amazon to launch a make-up line.

Deep trouble looms for the elderly care industry.

A leader of Hong Kong's democracy protests has slammed the HSBC bank for supporting China's communist regime.

The Bank of England has said UK lenders could withstand even the worst case no-deal Brexit and a global slowdown sparked by a full-scale trade war, but warned 'material risks of economic disruption' still remain from a cliff-edge EU withdrawal.

Marks & Spencer's managing director of clothing and home Jill McDonald has left the business having served less than two years in the role after failing to revitalise its flagging fashion department.

Wall Street traders put a sedate London market in the shade last night by breaking records again across the Atlantic on hopes of an interest rate cut.

Norwegian Air's chief executive Bjorn Kjos has stepped down after more than 25 years.

HSBC's boss faces fresh calls to apologise for praising the Communist regime in China.

Bang & Olufsen's boss has pledged to revive its fortunes after sales and profits plunged.

Cuadrilla will start fracking again near Blackpool – months after it suspended operations due to earthquakes.

They were scenes reminiscent of the collapse of Lehman Brothers more than a decade ago.

Swiss Re has suspended a blockbuster stock market float after it was shunned by investors.

Thomas Cook could be sold to the Chinese in a bid to rescue the world's oldest package holiday group.

FTSE 100 advertising firmWPPhas revealed a plan to sell a stake in its data subsidiary Kantar to US private equity firm Bain Capital.

Thomas Cook is in 'advanced discussions' with its largest shareholder Fosun over a deal that would effectively hand over the cash-strapped firm to the Chinese firm and pave the way for a breakup of the world's oldest package holiday company.

While the business pages this week were dominated by news that Deutsche Bank will be slashing its employee numbers, one of AIM’s big hitters, ASOS, also seems to be sharpening its redundancy axe.

Shares in car dealership Lookers have crashed after the company issued a profit warning and said the tough market would continue through the year.

It might be slightly sinister, but customer data is big business.

What is it?

President Trump has launched a scathing attack on Facebook – saying its new online currency is not real money and must be regulated.

The chairman of law firm Knights has sold shares in the firm worth more than £1million.

The brewer behind Becks, Budweiser and Corona has dramatically pulled plans to list its Asian business in a blockbuster float.

Mercedes-Benz maker Daimler has issued its fourth profit warning in a year as a global trade war and concerns over diesel take their toll.

Is that the sound of video gamers bashing buttons on their controllers, or brokers frantically dialling their pals in the City?

Predators are circling life insurer ReAssure after its planned £3 billion float was canned last week.

Furious MPs have slammed Lloyds for telling customers to use Post Offices for their everyday banking as it unveils another wave of branch closures.

Sky chief executive Jeremy Darroch has urged companies to pay their 'fair share' towards public services as the Government pushes ahead with a new tax on digital firms.

The private equity owners of Care UK spent millions on a failed attempt to sell it.

A jobs cull at online fashion retailer Asos has deepened after it emerged the company has triggered a review at its giant customer care facility in Watford.

A potential £30 million bonus for the boss of airports firm Stobart has incensed staff threatening strikes later this month.

Thomas Cook's £750 million rescue deal with Chinese group Fosun is hanging in the balance after bondholders hired heavyweight advisers to face off with the company.

It could turn out to be the defining moment of Lance Batchelor's time at over-50s specialist Saga.

Marks & Spencer has poached Topshop's fashion guru Maddy Evans in an effort to boost its clothing credentials among younger shoppers.

More middle-class viewers switched on to Channel 5 last year, its latest accounts reveal.

Jack Wills has attracted interest from a string of potential buyers since the fashion chain was put up for sale just days ago.

Hong Kong's  richest family extracted £130million in dividends last year from one of Britain's biggest water companies.

Shoppers are continuing to shun the High Street this summer, as June's poor weather has failed to entice customers to splash the cash.

The UK is being held back by poor trade performance, unreliable transport infrastructure and shoddy education, an annual report has claimed.

The Shadow Chancellor has threatened to pursue water giants which move shareholdings offshore to escape the risk of renationalisation.

Troubled Thomas Cook is under fire from an investor group which claims it may have 'misled' small shareholders over its last-ditch efforts to remain afloat.

Electronic components might not sound sexy, but they have proved a decent hunting ground for investors.

Facebook's online currency could pose a major threat to the financial system and help terrorists launder money, Philip Hammond has warned.

A mega sale by Amazon is expected to boost its takings by billions of pounds this week.

Pets At Home is betting on a surge in demand for dog walkers after taking a stake in website Tailster.

LVMH has invested in British designer Stella McCartney's fashion firm.

Glaxosmithkline has hailed a major breakthrough with one of its cancer treatments.

Gluten-free cakes, breads and pastries have helped a bakery business rustle up bumper sales.

Sales at the French car maker behind Peugeot, Citroen and Vauxhall fell by 12.8 per cent.

Even the most avid followers of London's big mining companies could be forgiven for losing track of the long-running battle betweenAntofagastaand the government of Pakistan.

Embattled Huawei is planning extensive layoffs in the US amid continued pressure on its operations, according to reports.

M&G has blocked withdrawals from one of its major property funds – in a move reminiscent of Neil Woodford banning transfers at his own firm last month.

Victims of an investment fund which collapsed amid allegations of fraud have slammed the City watchdog for its handling of the scandal.

China's economy grew at the slowest pace on record in the three months to June, as a trade war with the US took its toll.

Shares in Micro Focus plunged after its boss flogged half his stake in the software giant for £12 million.

Industrialist Sanjeev Gupta said last night he had kicked off the process of paying £600 million to Swiss asset manager GAM in a bond deal.

City veteran Martin Gilbert is under fire for taking on too many jobs, as he prepares to become chairman of digital bank Revolut.

After a slow start to the week, there was plenty of company news to chew over today.

Shares in Burberry took off on Tuesday as the luxury fashion brand - known for its raincoats and distinctive check pattern - notched up a better-than-expected sales rise.

LVMH has invested in British designer Stella McCartney's fashion firm.

Sir Philip Green's Arcadia group has yet another hurdle to clear before it can press ahead with its store closure plan as one of its creditors has filed a legal complaint against the restructuring.

The pound has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years, as the likelihood of a no-deal Brexit has dramatically increased after the Conservative front runners said they opposed the Irish backstop.

Three of America’s big-name banks beat expectations for their quarterly profits in a bumper day for the sector as they kick-started the US results season.

Burberry's finance chief Julie Brown has had her clothing allowance axed.

A controversial £2.6billion bid to take British satellite firm Inmarsat private will be investigated by the Government.

The next time someone complains to you about how much their extension costs, spare a thought for Rio Tinto.

The controversial leader of the International Monetary Fund has resigned as she prepares to become one of the world's most powerful central bankers.

New vegan menus helped the owner of pizza chain Franco Manca return to profit.

HSBC has refused to sign up to a new code pledging to back female entrepreneurs, it emerged last night.

The value of the pound dropped to its lowest level in more than two years as worries intensified that the UK could leave the European Union without a deal.

Britain's biggest bookmaker GVC saw its income from high street betting shops tumble by nearly a fifth after a recent Government crackdown slowed down the takings from its fixed-odds betting terminals.

The FTSE 100 closed down 41.74 points at 7535.46 and the pound was at $1.24 against the dollar.

Luxury confectioner Hotel Chocolat has hailed a Willy Wonka-esque pace of innovation that helped drive a 14 per cent sales rise over the last year.

The taxman raked in £19.1billion from Britain's lawyers and accountants last year.

The new boss of Lotus has urged ministers to do a deal with Brussels on Brexit – but stressed his firm is prepared for the consequences of a No Deal departure.

Think of gambling, and the image that comes to mind is probably casino high-rollers in dinner jackets or the High Street betting shop.

BT has sold its London base next to St Paul's Cathedral for £210million.

Amazon could be facing a massive fine after European competition regulators launched a fresh probe into its practices.

Shares in Saga surged 13 per cent after it was revealed that activist hedge fund Elliott Management has bought a stake.

Banknote maker De La Rue has hit back at an activist investor who wants to oust its chairman amid an escalating row about the future of the beleaguered business.

Protests and political instability in Hong Kong have hit Swiss watch maker Swatch.

The FTSE 100 closed down 42.37 points at 7493.09 and the pound was at $1.25 against the dollar.

Shares in Asos took another battering in early trading today after the online fashion giant issued its third profit warning in eight months.

A number ofeasyJetpassengers will end up flying with the airline on high-end commuter jets from Gatwick airport this summer, enjoying around 40 inches of leg room and no middle seats.

The bidder behind the £2.5billion takeover of Inmarsat has pledged to keep its key operations in Britain.

Struggling Debenhams will plead with its lenders for another financial lifeline as it heads toward the Christmas period.

When George Osborne launched the Office for Budget Responsibility in 2010, the goal was to establish independent oversight of economic forecasting and how taxpayers’ money is spent.

EasyJet has triumphed in the latest round of the battle of the budget airlines.

Running the International Monetary Fund is clearly one of the most important jobs in global finance.

Facebook's digital currency could wreak havoc on financial markets and should not be launched until regulators have brought it under control, global finance ministers have declared.

More than £13billion was wiped off the value of Netflix after it missed targets for new subscribers – ahead of losing a slew of key shows.

The FTSE 100 closed up 15.61 points at 7508.70 and the pound was at $1.25 against the dollar.

The fallout from Boeing's Max 737 jet crisis has hitSSP Group, which owns the airport and train station stalwarts Upper Crust and Caffe Ritazza.

Boeing faces a hit of almost £4 billion after its 737 Max planes were grounded around the world after two fatal crashes.

BMW has appointed company insider Oliver Zipse as chief executive, as the car industry reels from a diesel sales slump and a global trade war.

Panicked investors sent gold prices surging to a six-year high after tensions flared in the Middle East.

Rent controls have been roundly condemned by most economists for making sky-high prices even worse.

One of London's best-known department stores has been sold in a £300million deal.

The departing boss ofRoyal Bank of Scotlandhas taken a £5.4million-a-year job in Australia.

Ted Baker founder Ray Kelvin is understood to have considered making a swoop on the business that he left under a cloud in March.

The BBC is facing a multi-million pound legal battle with a plastics firm linked to one of its star presenters, The Mail on Sunday can reveal.

BT has put its entire business in Latin America up for sale in the strongest signal yet that the telecoms giant is dialling its attentions back to Britain.

Starbucks' loss-making UK chain has closed dozens of outlets in London, marking a retreat from a city where it once dominated the coffee shop scene.

An American hedge fund backed by Japanese investment giant SoftBank has been holding talks with the Dubai-based Bin Zayed Group which is interested in buying Newcastle United Football Club for between £300 million and £350 million.

A key contender to succeed Mark Carney as Bank of England governor has issued a stark warning about the dangers of 'easy money', suggesting he could seek to ramp up interest rates to avoid a crisis.

The rise of e-cigarettes marketed as a safer alternative for smokers has led to more people getting hooked on nicotine products, research by a major tobacco company has revealed.

Financial betting firm Plus500 is weighing up a takeover of the US company behind rival City Index.

The sale of British Steel is set for further delay, with workers told it will take 'a number of weeks' to nail down a buyer.

Fashion retailer Jack Wills has had one of its properties seized by its landlord over non-payment of rent.

Marks & Spencer has recruited a key executive from McDonald's as part of chairman Archie Norman's efforts to overhaul the company's culture and break from the past.

A profit warning in December that caused shares to plunge had stock market punters wondering whether Asos shares were a bargain worth chucking in their shopping baskets.

Will Raghuram Rajan be offered the Bank of England's top job this autumn?

The future of two of Neil Woodford's key investment funds is extremely bleak, one leading City expert has told The Mail on Sunday.

A Jersey firm linked to the Paradise Papers leak has been taken over in a £1 billion merger.

The taxman has awarded £22m of contracts to an arm of Amazon based in tax haven Luxembourg, the Daily Mail can reveal.

Troubled high street lender Metro Bank has confirmed it is planning to sell £500million of debt to a major US hedge fund.

British Gas owner Centrica is set to slash its dividend as chief executive Iain Conn makes a 'last-chance saloon' effort to save his reputation.

Embattled lender Metro Bank has confirmed that talks are taking place over the sale of its loan portfolio amid reports that it is closing in on a £500million deal with a US hedge fund.

DIY retailer Homebase has snapped up Bathstore,the bathroom specialist that collapsed into administration last month,but some stores are still set to face the axe.

The increasing risk of a no-deal Brexit may already have tipped the UK economy into recession, a leading think-tank warned today.

Even if mining firms want us to believe that diamonds are forever, it seems demand for them is a little more fleeting.

Savers with money trapped in Neil Woodford's flagship fund have now been denied access to their cash for 50 days – while handing over £3.25m in fees to the once-feted stock picker.

The Government has intervened in the £2.5 billion private equity buyout of Inmarsat.

They are known as 'Earth's mightiest heroes', and the Avengers have now earned that title in the box office too.

Travelodge is opening 26 hotels in seaside locations as more families opt for staycations.

Atom Bank has raised £50m from investors – including Neil Woodford – as it fights to win more customers.

Shares in Ted Baker surged by more than 13 per cent after its exiled founder was reported to be considering a buyout.

The global economy is mired in its worst year for a decade as President Trump's trade war wreaks havoc, experts warned.

Metro Bank's chairman is under pressure to announce his exit as the lender prepares to unveil its latest financial results.

Profits at Santander's UK division tumbled by more than a third as branch closures and the enduring mortgage rate war dented its income.

The pound has been volatile as Boris Johnson was announced as the winner of the Conservative Party leadership race, becoming the next UK Prime Minister.

As Boris Johnson's government settles into Downing Street, we can expect to hear a great deal more about big infrastructure.

There's a lot of pressure that comes with being a stock market darling.

Brexit-backing economist Gerard Lyons is the bookies’ favourite to become Bank of England governor, as Boris Johnson looks to appoint allies in positions of power.

Partners at Britain's most prestigious law firms are raking in record earnings amid huge demand for Brexit advice.

Former Bank of England governor Lord King has backed Mark Carney to be the next head of the International Monetary Fund – and suggested George Osborne is not qualified for the job.

BroadcasterlTVsaw its profits and revenue fall in the first six months of this year, its latest results reveal.

The pound has beenrelatively flat since Boris Johnson won the Tory leadership contest on Tuesday, highlighting just how much his victory was already priced in.

B&M Bargains appears to remain a firm favourite among savvy shoppers as the discount retailer revealed that sales jumped by more than a fifth in the last three months.

Vodafoneand O2 have firmed up a deal to share equipment like radio antennas in a bid to speed up the roll out of 5G broadband services across Britain.

Tainted auditor KPMG has been stung with another £5million fine after failing to spot bank BNY Mellon had put customers’ money at risk.

Boris Johnson has been urged to overhaul crippling business rates after another 72,000 jobs disappeared from the High Street.

Drugs giant Glaxosmithkline said a profits blow would not be as bad as feared after sales of its blockbuster shingles vaccine Shingrix continued to boom.

Facebook shares surged higher in after-hours trading last night as the under-fire social network reported second-quarter revenues of £13.5billion.

Last summer’s months-long heatwave and World Cup bonanza was always going to be a tough act for publicans to follow.

Lloyds has been forced to pay £140million to investment firm Standard Life Aberdeen (SLA) after a row over a £109billion pension fund.

Exports of British services have surged by almost a fifth in the past three years, latest figures show.

Aerospace giant Boeing posted its largest-ever quarterly loss after taking a huge writedown over the crisis afflicting its 737 Max plane.

The founder of Metro Bank has pledged to stand down as chairman in the aftermath of a major accounting error.

Drinks groupDiageoenjoyed double-digit sales growth across its Gordon's and Tanqueray gin ranges across Britain in the last year.

Jaguar Land Rover slumped to a £395million loss in the three months to the end of June, against a loss of £264million reported at the same time last year.

The FAANG stocks – Facebook, Amazon, Apple, Netflix and Google – have been an unstoppable force over recent years but the signs are mounting that they are in for a rough ride.

British manufacturing groupCobhamis set to be snapped up by US private equity investors Advent International in a deal valuing the company at £4billion.

Boris Johnson's industrial strategy faces an immediate test after foreign bidders swooped on one of Britain's oldest defence companies.

Nissan is slashing 12,500 jobs around the world as it grapples with a slump in demand.

Amazon shares plunged last night as the online retail giant’s second quarter profits disappointed investors.

Struggling banknote maker De La Rue bore the brunt of shareholder anger amid a wave of investor revolts over sky-high pay and company performance.

Victims of collapsed savings firm London Capital & Finance are being urged to help investigators who are probing alleged failures by the City watchdog.

Dave Lewis is a little footsore.

Vodafone revealed plans to spin off and potentially list its mobile towers business as it said first quarter revenues slid due to poor exchange rates.

Shares inMothercarehave slumped over 10 per cent after the retailer warned its profits will remain sluggish, amid an 'uncertain and volatile' market and 'fragile consumer confidence.'

TSB has bounced back from last year's IT meltdown, with results put out today revealing it returned to profit in the first half of this year.

Mike Ashley last night admitted buying House Of Fraser was a mistake as he revealed the department store chain was in terminal decline.

Shares in Pearson surged 5pc higher after the education publisher said its switch to digital technology was finally paying off.

Ryanirboss Michael O’Leary is in line for a multi-million pound windfall next week despite a growing list of headaches for the company from strikes to grounded jets.

The City has been swept by a mega-merger frenzy after negotiations on £50billion of deals were confirmed on Saturday.

Britishinvestors, including the founder of smoothie company Innocent Drinks, are ploughing money into start-ups which hope to serve up laboratory-grown sausages and burgers.

Boris Johnson'snew Government has been urged to intervene in the £4billion takeover of one of the country’s biggest defence contractors by an American predator as it emerged that other companies are circling.

Centricachief executive Iain Conn is under growing pressure after it emerged that 2.5million British Gas customers have deserted the business since his arrival in 2015.

Threeof Britain’s biggest banks are expected to book almost £9billion in profits this week despite revenues being hit by a mortgage price war.

In the latest indication of how badly Britain’s High Streets are suffering, Marks & Spencer has launched a 90 per cent sale in stores and online.

Ryanair's profits tumbled in the first quarter as it incurred higher fuel and staff costs and lowered fares to beat its competition, especially in the UK and Germany.

Fresh fears of a no-deal Brexit have sent the pound down to below $1.23 to hit its lowest level in more than two years.

Five banks are facing a £1 billion class action lawsuit over claims they manipulated foreign exchange markets.

Shares in the London Stock Exchange surged to a record high after it unveiled a £22 billion mega-deal.

Britain's new veterans minister earns £85,000 a year from a company linked to the scandal over collapsed London Capital & Finance.

Shares inJust Eatsurged more than 20 per cent after the takeaway delivery company confirmed it had reached an in-principle deal to merge with a Dutch rival.

Just six FTSE 100 bosses are women – one fewer than men named David.

A top executive at Metro Bank has been poached by rival Revolut.

Amigo's new boss is getting a golden hello of up to £2.2m.

The chief executive of an aerospace trade body has called on the Government to intervene in the £4 billion takeover of Cobham.

Iain Conn, the chief executive of of British Gas owner Centrica, is stepping down next year after four years at the helm, the company revealed today.

Shares closed in the red today after the FTSE 100 posted a 2 per cent rise yesterday.

Oil major BP has posted better-than-expected second quarter numbers after higher production offset lower global oil prices.

UK car production plunged 20 per cent in the first half of this year amid preparations for Brexit and falling demand for diesels.

Investment bank Citigroup is to axe hundreds of bond and share dealing jobs as the industry slumps.

These are the men who have built mega-fortunes from managing Britain's biggest companies.

Doorstep lender Provident Financial spent £23.6 million fighting a hostile takeover bid from a rival earlier this year, accounts show.

Greggs plans to serve evening meals after record sales growth as its sausage rolls, doughnuts and pasties were gobbled up.

Veterans minister Johnny Mercer is quitting a second job linked to a savings scandal.

The owner of Yorkshire Bank and Virgin Money has been hit by lots of mortgages being paid off.

Amigo's new chief executive is being offered more money to help him pay for moving house than top executives who had to relocate across the world.

Investors were waving away the bad memories of Apple's January profit warning last night, after the tech giant revealed it had beaten financial expectations.

The boss of Aston Martin made millions selling stock in the ailing car maker that would be worth just a fraction of that sum now.

Tough competition against Durex condoms in China put a dent in revenues at Reckitt Benckiser.

Savers have slowed their rush to leave Jupiter Fund Management under new boss Andrew Formica.

Berenberg isn't exactly a household name.

Lloyds Banking Grouphas reported a 7 per cent fall in half-year pre-tax profits and revealed another £550million hit from the payment protection insurance scandal.

The FTSE 100 closed down 59.99 points at 7,586.78 and the pound was at $1.22 against the dollar.

Ladbrokes Coral ownerGVC Holdingshas been slapped with penalties totaling £5.9million for failing to protect problem gamblers and impose proper anti-money laundering safeguards.

Next shares surged to the top of the FTSE 100 risers list today as it upped its profit expectations for the year and said it has shifted more full-price stock than expected.

NoelEdmonds is plotting a fresh legal assault on Lloyds if a police investigation leads to more bankers being arrested.

Andy Hornby and his senior management team at Ladbrokes Coral have been hammered by the regulator.

Countrywide estate agents told investors its turnaround was 'bearing fruit' as losses fell – sending shares up 9.9 per cent to 4.95p.

Shares in funeral firm Dignity fell sharply after it suspended the dividend due to a fall in the number of people dying in the UK.

Barratt Developments' boss has sold more than a third of his shares for £3.3 million.

Fashion chain Next soared to the top of the FTSE 100 following a boom in online sales as shares in shopping centre owner Intu were hammered.

Neil Woodford has been dealt another blow as the Channel Islands stock exchange moved to sever ties with the fund manager.

DIY chain Wickes is to be sold by Travis Perkins amid a home improvements decline as the parent firm simplifies its business to focus on selling building materials to traders.

DirectLine squeezed £56 million out of customers paying their insurance premiums monthly, charging those drivers and homeowners extra.

Rentokil'sshare price entered territory last seen two decades ago after a bumper set of interims sent the FTSE 100 rat catcher rattling 5.5 per cent higher.

British defence giant BAE Systems revealed a 36 per cent rise in profits and hiked the dividend.

Legoland Movie 2 had 'limited momentum' and failed to drive up traffic in Legoland theme parks this year, the boss ofMerlin Entertainmentshas claimed.

The Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee is expected to cut Britain's economic growth forecasts later today, as the prospect of a no-deal Brexit mounts.

Barclays has cheered its highest half-year profits for nearly a decade, but warned its costs will still need to be slashed over the rest 2019.

The FTSE 100 closed down 1.91 points at 7584.87 and the pound was at $1.21 against the dollar.

Bank of England governor Mark Carney and his eight policymakers have voted unanimously to keep interest rates on hold at 0.75 per cent.

Jeff Bezos has sold shares in Amazon worth £1.5billion as his private space company ramps up its activities.

Burberry's boss has been handed £3.7million worth of shares.

Shares in the London Stock Exchange Group hit an all-time high after it struck a 'transformational' deal that will pit it against the Bloomberg financial data empire.

Casio has been fined £3.7million by a watchdog for rigging prices.

Rio Tinto's bosses must be wondering what they have to do to impress the market.

Savvy homeowners have hit profits at Barclays by shopping around for mortgages.

Shell's boss said he supports the 'mobilisation' of climate-change protesters but criticised property damage and 'people being put in jeopardy'.

Neil Woodford has offloaded stakes in another two businesses – taking total share sales to £800million since his flagship fund was suspended.

Aston Martin and its financial advisors have come under fire over the disastrous performance of its shares since its £4.3billion float.

Royal Bank of Scotland has unveiled a bumper £1.7 billion dividend payout, delivering a welcome boost for shareholders including the British taxpayer.

A change in Facebook’s policies for publishers sentBrave Bison, the oddly named social video company, tumbling to one of the worse share price performances this week, though it would have been outdone by the humiliating accounting troubles for Goals Soccer Centres if only its shares weren’t suspended.

Marks & Spencer has unveiled its new-look food store as it battles to arrest falling sales.

The boss of Lloyds has sold £3.6million of stock to buy a house in London.

Switched-on investors in Centrica may have seen the writing on the wall regarding its dividend, which was slashed this week by a dismal 58 per cent.

The plunge in sterling has left British businesses vulnerable to being snapped up by foreign predators.

What is it?

What is it?

Top directors at B&Q owner Kingfisher have been awarded options to acquire shares worth almost £10million.

There have been more sequels of trade wars than of Star Wars, and another episode has rolled off the assembly line, wiping £44.7billion off Britain's top companies.

BT boss Philip Jansen has called on Boris Johnson to take 'decisive action' to help turbo-charge the roll-out of cutting-edge broadband across Britain.

The giant Chinese firm in talks to buyThomas Cookwill try to revive the beleaguered tour operator by luring more Asian tourists to Europe and targeting millennials and winter sports enthusiasts.

The Virgin brand is poised to launch in Spain for the first time after Sir Richard Branson struck a deal worth millions of pounds.

The controversial founder of Quindell has quit running his new insurance venture as the fraud probe into his former business rumbles on.

Ford has offered its Bridgend workers more than £130,000 each in redundancy payouts.

The rapid growth of retail chain Flying Tiger Copenhagen has come to an end with the company halting UK store openings amid a sharp fall in profits.

Aston Martin has come under fresh attack from short-sellers, heaping more pressure on under-fire boss Andy Palmer after yet another share slump.

The £4bn takeover of British defence firm Cobham has been slammed by its founding family.

Mike Ashley was nearing a deal to buy struggling fashion retailer Jack Wills last night.

The FTSE 100 saw 2.5 per cent wiped off its value today, ending 183.21 points down at 7,223.85.

HSBC has ousted its boss of just 18 months as the banking giant seeks changes at the top to help it swerve an 'increasingly complex and challenging' global environment.

Preppy clothes store Jack Wills has been sold to Sports Direct, after being put into administration, KPMG has confirmed.

A combative American hedge fund that has been heavily critical of Just Eat's bosses stands to make £130million when the food delivery firm merges with a rival.

House builder Berkeley Group handed bosses £32million in the year to April, despite a slide in profits.

Global stock markets were left reeling as the trade war between the US and China escalated yet again.

On a day when stock markets were grim there was one unlikely bright spot – Thomas Cook.

A director at beleaguered car maker Aston Martin Lagonda has completed a second mass share sell-off, in another blow to chief executive Andy Palmer.

The boss of carmaker Fiat Chrysler said he is open to new merger talks with Renault, after plans for a £27billion tie-up between the pair collapsed earlier this year.

HSBC was forced to deny that China was behind the shock ousting of its boss yesterday amid rising tensions between the bank and Beijing.

The FTSE 100 ended the day in the red amid growing tension between the US and China.

Shoppers are fearing the end of 'quality fashion' after online retailer Boohoo made a offer for Karen Millen and Coast today - in yet another blow to the high street, with 1,100 jobs at risk.

Designer Karen Millen has said she is 'deeply saddened' the fashion firm bearing her name will vanish from the High Street, after its online arm was snapped up by rival Boohoo for £18.2million.

Thousands of punters who profited from the boom in bitcoin may be stung with a surprise tax bill.

When retired Peter Williams got down to his last £200 of savings, he reluctantly decided he must release some cash from the home that had been in his family since 1965.

Amazon boss Jeff Bezos has sold another £812million of shares in the internet firm as his space company prepares to blast off.

China has warned Washington's decision to brand it a currency manipulator will 'severely damage international financial order' and cause market chaos.

Payments giant Mastercard has made its biggest ever acquisition, buying a stake in a Danish rival for £2.6billion.

A payments firm backed by rapper Snoop Dogg has become Europe's most valuable privately-owned financial tech business.

Billionaire investor George Soros has scooped up Neil Woodford's stake in plastic window manufacturer Eurocell.

The boss of drinks firm Diageo pocketed £11.7m in the year to June 2019.

A stake in Taylor Swift's record label Universal Music Group is being bought by the Chinese in a £2.8billion deal.

Traders face being locked out of their accounts for months after stockbroker SVS Securities collapsed into administration following a City watchdog investigation.

A former cult stock took a nosedive as Sirius Minerals lost a quarter of its value in one brutal session.

Eight blue-chip firms have earned a place on an official list of shame after suffering shareholder revolts on executive pay.

Flutter - the betting firm behind Paddy Power and Betfair - blamed higher taxes and a Government crackdown on Fixed Odds Betting Terminals (FOBT), for a slump in its  profits in the first half of the year.

The FTSE 100 closed up 27.01 points at 7198.70 and the pound was at $1.22 against the dollar.

Shares in litigation finance groupBurford Capital, which was the second biggest holding in Neil Woodford's suspended equity income fund, have plummeted over 57 per cent amid a row over a potential 'short attack.'

The boss of Standard Life Aberdeen has defended the mega-merger which formed his savings firm – even though shares have since tumbled by more than the value it paid for Aberdeen Asset Management.

The fast-growing production arm of British broadcaster Sky has bought a stake in a Bristol documentary maker.

OIL prices hit a seven-month low amid fears over Donald Trump's trade war with China.

Britain's biggest investment manager has been dragged into a row after it agreed to pay to build homes on the green belt.

Miner Glencore has seen £16billion wiped from its value since the stock hit a year high in April.

It might conjure up images of robot overlords seizing control of the planet.

Central banks are cutting interest rates as fears grow of an economic downturn.

The FTSE 100 closed up 87.20 points at 7285.90 and the pound was at $1.21 against the dollar.

Legislation that was supposed to free tenant publicans from restrictions and high rents imposed by the companies that own their pubs 'has failed', a new survey shows.

The founders of Hargreaves Lansdown are to share an £80million dividend bonanza as the fund supermarket battles the biggest crisis in its history.

More than 850 jobs are being created at the German discounter Aldi in Warwickshire.

Ruthless vulture funds are circling companies backed by Neil Woodford in a bid to make a killing if their shares plunge.

The chairman leading Burford Capital’s defence against US raiders is a former civil service mandarin and veteran banker.

Cineworld is pinning its hopes on summer blockbuster The Lion King after it was stung by a slump in box office admissions.

It’s been a ropey old journey so far this year for investors in the AA – one in which 46 per cent has been wiped from the value of the roadside assistance firm after it hit a series of potholes.

The pound hit new lows against both the euro and the dollar after second-quarter GDP numbers showed the economy contracted by 0.2 per cent.

Advertising giant WPP saw sales decline at a smaller pace than last year, sending shares rising, as boss Mark Read said the company was seeing progress in its turnaround plan.

As bad weeks on AIM go, you’d struggle to find a worse story thanBurford Capital, which saw its shares crash after a scathing attack from US short-seller Muddy Waters.

High-end online fashion store Farfetch has snapped up an Italian rival for £556million.

Struggling travel groupThomas Cookwas last night said to be seeking £150million from investors in rescue talks.

A Senior member of the family behind brewer Young's has cashed in shares worth £324,000.

The former boss ofSuperdrywill get £1million after he was ousted in a brutal boardroom showdown with founder Julian Dunkerton.

The embattled boss of Burford Capital is assembling a team of lawyers to fight back against the hedge fund whose criticism cut his company's value in half.

Poorly performing investment firms have raked in more than £300million in fees this year, research has revealed.

Astrazenecahas enjoyed an incredible run this year.

Charlotte Tilbury is working with advisers from investment bank Goldman Sachs on options after receiving a $1billion takeover approach from Estee Lauder.

Adrian Steckel does not seem like someone you would put your money on in a space race against billionaire rocketmen Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk.

The Woodford factor dominates the latest research into the country’s poorest performing investment funds, published this weekend by fund platform Bestinvest.

Karen Millen, founder of the eponymous fashion chain, is poised to launch a new business venture this autumn with her partner Ben Charnaud.

Germany is tipped to report a decline in GDP after weak UK output stoked fears of a global recession.

Burford Capital, the legal financier at the centre of a short-selling storm last week, has accused its US aggressor of nefarious tactics, and the matter is being investigated by the City watchdog.

The family owners of holiday resorts chainButlin’shave pocketed £102million in a dividend bonanza.

Challenger energy firm Ovo is plotting a takeover of SSE’s domestic supply business in a deal that will create a new rival to British Gas.

The Footsie's rebound did not last long today and, shortly after opening in the green, the index went into reverse and ended the day 27.13 points down, or 0.4 per cent, at 7,226.72.

Eve Sleep is in ‘early stage’ merger talks with rival mattress-maker Simba.

Shares in M&C Saatchi crashed nearly 25 per cent after it said accounting problems and property changes had cost it nearly £8million.

Thomas Cook is facing further questions over its financial health after it revealed it was asking lenders for an extra £150million on top of the £750million it has already called for.

Embattled fund manager Neil Woodford narrowly avoided a 20 per cent share-price plunge at one of his former stock picks yesterday after offloading it during his fire sale.

Angling Directhas reported strong store sales amid its expansion.

Top bosses have received more than £6million in relocation allowances in recent years, the Mail has found.

Burford Capital traded blows with the hedge fund that triggered its share price collapse as financial regulators scrutinised claims of market abuse.

Dr Martenshas credited a new line of sandals for helping it buck the gloomy mood on the High Street.

The returning boss of Cenkos has finally been given the thumbs-up to retake his position at the struggling City broker.

The FTSE 100 closed up 24.18 points at 7250.90 and the pound was at $1.21 against the dollar.

More than 100,000 people are being asked for their views on housebuilder Persimmon as an independent review into the company enters its next stage.

Holiday giant Tui is still counting the cost of the Boeing 737 Max crisis and Brexit uncertainty as it revealed profits plunged 58 per cent to €59million in the last three months.

Although men buy watches far more frequently than women, female watch shoppers are spending more on average than their male counterparts, claimed the boss of Watches of Switzerland.

The under-fire bosses ofBurford Capitalscooped almost £120million selling shares last year – 15 times the amount they have since spent buying stock back as they attempt to shore up investor confidence.

Muddy Waters has called on the City watchdog to beef up scrutiny of Burford Capital.

The grounding of Boeing’s 737 Max jets has rocked profits at holiday firm Tui and aviation services group John Menzies.

After an already torrid year, the last thing Aston Martin must want to hear now is that it should be more like its arch-rival Porsche.

Global stock markets rallied last night after Donald Trump delayed new tariffs on some Chinese imports.

South African-based drugs group Aspen is to pay the NHS £8million after an investigation into the supply of life-saving drug fludrocortisone, which is often used to treat Addison's disease.

To many, the official data today that showed an increase in inflation last month to 2.1 per cent will not be particularly interesting.

The insurance brand made famous by the ‘man from the Pru’ is facing an uncertain future.

Good news doesn’t seem to last very long these days – at least not where the price of oil is concerned.

Stock markets around the world tumbled as economic strife in Germany and China fuelled fears of a global downturn.

Bets against Asos are on the rise after it slipped out its second profit warning in seven months.

Gambling giant GVC saw shares tick higher in early trading today after the Ladbrokes and Coral owner delighted investors with news of a better-than-anticipated performance at its betting shops.

The FTSE 100 closed down 80.87 points at 7067.01 and the pound was at $1.21 against the dollar.

Some rare good news emerged for Britain's retailers today as official data showed a shock rise for sales thanks to an online spending boom.

Embattled legal firmBurford Capitalhas bowed to investor pressure and announced a sweeping boardroom shake-up.

This year’s late Easter helped Asda post a small increase in second quarter sales – but the supermarket’s boss said conditions are still challenging.

Shares in General Electric fell 11 per cent after the US giant was accused of a massive fraud.

Victims who lost over £100million in a savings scandal have slammed the City watchdog for 'whitewashing' an independent review into what went wrong.

Deloitte faces a court battle and a probe by regulators over its failure to spot a £160million fraud at a collapsed telecoms firm.

Markets across Europe suffered another day of falls as the trade row between the US and China took another turn for the worse.

To boost investors’ confidence, sometimes bosses just need to put their money where their mouth is.

A deadly fungus strain could send the price of bananas jumping – or even wipe out global production.

Troubled bean counter Grant Thornton refused to say last night whether it will still be the auditor of Mike Ashley’s personal company.

The FTSE 100 closed up 50.14 points at 7117.15 and the pound was at $1.21 against the dollar.

A Turkish army pension fund has reached a tentative agreement to buy British Steel, the Government's Insolvency Service revealed today.

Trading in the biggest companies on the London Stock Exchange was delayed by nearly two hours on Friday morning following a technical issue.

Tainted PwC has clinched a £16.5million contract to manage the Government’s remaining assets from Northern Rock – despite failing to spot the bust bank’s collapse.

A seniorBarclaysexecutive accused of covering up a ‘culture of fear’ at the bank will be allowed to continue working in the financial services industry.

August is proving a volatile month for global stock markets.

Insurance groupPrudentialwas rocked by an unprecedented decision by a High Court judge.

Carson Block, founder, Muddy Waters Is Block’s short-selling hedge fund above reproach?

Global recession is now inevitable unless there is a 'powerful' dose of good news within a fortnight, analysts fear.

I'm A bit hung over.'

Property tycoon Robert Tchenguiz has built a substantial shareholding in FirstGroup in a move reminiscent of his time as a buccaneering corporate raider in the run-up to the financial crisis.

A mystery predator is said to be circling Britain's biggest estate agent.

From Land's End to John O'Groats, Britain's high streets are struggling, with many appearing to be trapped in a vicious spiral of decline.

The FTSE 100 closed up 72.50 points at 7189.65 and the pound was at $1.21 against the dollar.

PHS, the company that installs toilet rolls, soap and water coolers in a quarter of a million offices around the UK, is about to begin the process of selling itself in a bid to avoid falling into the hands of US vulture funds.

Shares in the UK's second biggest supermarket gained nearly 5 per cent in early trading today amid fiercely-denied reports that Sainsbury's has kicked off the search for a new chief executive.

Eco Atlantic Oil & Gas's recent discovery off the coast of Guyana has confirmed it as one of most interesting small-cap frontier or wild-cat plays.

A former senior lawyer at the Serious Fraud Office is suing the department for unfair dismissal, after he was accused of swearing at an FBI agent in the pub.

British Steel’s Turkish buyer is not a short-term speculator trying to make a quick profit, Andrea Leadsom has insisted.

Shares in Sainsbury’s climbed after reports it is seeking to replace beleaguered chief executive Mike Coupe.

A marshmallow business founded by the Duchess of Cambridge’s brother has made a profit for the first time after sales climbed.

How the times have changed for Ocado.

Hong Kong’s richest man is buying Britain’s biggest pub operator and brewer for £2.7billion.

The predator which sought to buy doorstep lender Provident Financial faces becoming prey itself after a share price plunge.

All of the so-called 'big four' supermarkets - Tesco, Sainsbury's, Asda and Morrisons - encountered a drop sales in the past three months as they lost further market share to the German discounters.

The FTSE 100 closed down 64.65 points at 7125.00 and the pound was at $1.21 against the dollar.

Persimmonhas posted a dip in profits as it sold less new homes amid efforts to improve quality.

For British Steel, it must have looked like an unmissable second chance for a once-proud business on the brink of collapse.

Profits at housebuilder Persimmon fell as it ploughed money into fixing problems at homes in a bid to repair its reputation.

Apple is ploughing £5billion into television series and films as it goes head-to-head with streaming titans such as Netflix, Disney and HBO.

Britain’s Big Four supermarkets’ share of the grocery sector has fallen to a 15-year low as they battle an onslaught from German discounters and online rivals.

As the boss of the world’s biggest mining company, when Andrew Mackenzie talks, people listen.

Bosses at Britain's FTSE 100-listed companies are raking in 117 times more a year than a worker on the average salary of just under £30,000.

The FTSE 100 closed up 78.97 points at 7203.97 and the pound was at $1.21 against the dollar.

Easygroup founder Sir Stelios Haji-Ioannou has accused fund manager ICAMAP of trying to 'steal' Easyhotel from under investors' noses, in his latest attempt to block a takeover of the business.

Boris Johnson’s plans to cut taxes and increase spending have been questioned after a smaller-than-expected budget surplus in July.

Anyone telling an investor 30 years ago that an office sharing business would be one of the hotly anticipated floats of the year, would have met with bemusement.

Another Neil Woodford-backed company has been pushed out of the Guernsey stock exchange.

Stockbroker Berenberg is trying to hire a senior banker after it was suspended from advising major companies which want to float on the UK market.

Bankers, lawyers and other advisers will trouser up to £210million in fees if the £4billion takeover of defence firm Cobham happens.

Travel tycoon Sir Stelios Haji-Ioannou has failed to stop an easyHotel takeover after accusing bidders of attempting to steal it.

Pop singer Jennifer Lopez and her fiance have put their money behind American financial technology firm Acorns Grow.

The FTSE 100 closed down 75.79 points at 7128.18 and the pound was at $1.23 against the dollar.

Fears for the future of British pubs resurfaced this week as another major pub operator revealed plans to change hands.

GVC's boss has splashed out £5million on shares to demonstrate his confidence in the business.

A former senior executive at Cobham has urged ministers to block a £4billion takeover of the defence firm by private equity bidder Advent.

It is unusual to see a double-digit share price rally from a FTSE 100 firm.

At the age of just 43, Clare Gilmartin is speeding along the fast track.

The management exodus at troubled De La Rue has continued, with another top executive heading for the exit.

Eddie Stobart Logistics told shareholders today that it has applied for its shares to be suspended while it awaits clarification on the impact an accounting review will have on its results.

Eddie Stobart, the haulage and logistics firm known for its individually named green trucks, has waved goodbye to its boss and suspended its shares as it investigates an accounting error.

Peppa Pig owner Entertainment One has become the latest UK-listed company to be swooped on by an international investor.

The woes ofBurford Capitalonce again dominated AIM headlines after the firm was hit with a High Court lawsuit alleging that one of its senior executives had exchanged sensitive documents from one client for a sex tape relating to another.

The boss behind hit children’s TV show Peppa Pig will pocket up to £68million from his firm’s takeover by the world’s largest toymaker.

Germany's biggest lender has been fined £13million by US regulators over claims it gave jobs to the relatives of rich government officials to win business overseas.

Ann Summers is seeking further rent cuts on its stores as it fights tough High Street conditions.

Embattled Neil Woodford has suffered another blow asEddie Stobartousted its boss and suspended share trading due to a multi-million pound black hole in its accounts.

After going quiet for the best part of a week, the US-China trade spat has resumed with a bang – blasting away any Friday feeling that global stock markets were hoping to enjoy.

Reiss has shrugged off the High Street gloom to post a jump in sales.

Bang & Olufsen is seeking offers to buy the business.

Fat cat bosses at some of Britain's biggest companies are raking in hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of perks on top of their multi-million pay packages, a Mail on Sunday investigation has found.

Housebuilder Persimmon is under pressure to scrap all of its leasehold contracts after it reached an out-of-court settlement over alleged mis-selling.

The end of the PPI payout bonanza threatens to knock consumer spending just as the UK teeters on the brink of recession, economists are warning.

Pubs are hoping to sell three million extra pints this Bank Holiday weekend as the heatwave gives the beleaguered industry a much-needed boost.

Angry Ryanair investors have launched legal action over allegations the airline’s ‘toxic’ relationship with its workforce has crashed the share price.

Ralph Findlay had almost given up trying to get the Government to freeze beer duty.

It's been the year of the dividend cut for some of Britain’s best-known blue-chip companies.

Royal Dutch Shellis in talks with the Australian government after it was hit with a £415million tax bill.

The widow of Sir Michael Cobham has said he would have been horrified to see the defence firm that bears their family name taken over by US private equity.

Asda has put the development of new products on the back-burner as its US owner Walmart looks to slash costs and mulls a stock market float.

Mark Carney flew to the US for a secret meeting at Facebook's headquarters with founder Mark Zuckerberg, the Daily Mail can reveal.

Hedge funds are ramping up their bets against Metro Bank as shareholders pile on the pressure for chairman Vernon Hill to name his exit date.

A 'softly softly' approach to curbing executive pay has not worked and the system needs a radical overhaul, one of the UK's leading governance gurus has told the Daily Mail.

Daily Mail and General Trust (DMGT), the owner of the Mail newspapers, has sold data business Genscape for £298m.

US stock markets rallied yesterday after Donald Trump said China was keen to strike a trade deal that could defuse tension between the two superpowers.

Greece will lift restrictions on transferring money abroad this week, four years after they were imposed during the euro crisis.

When North Sea oil pioneer Algy Cluff said he was standing down from his firm at the age of 79, one might have thought he was seeking a quiet life tending to his vineyard in Kent.

Distribution and outsourcing giant Bunzl is in talks with 'a number of acquisition targets' as it looks to accelerate growth for the rest of 2019.

Shares in Carpetright shot up by over 10 per cent on Tuesday after its biggest shareholder, Meditor, bought up a chunk of the struggling retailer's debts.

Tobacco giants Philip Morris International and Altria are in talks to reunite in a blockbuster £171billion deal.

Forget the days of aspiring to have your own office, or even a cubicle, at work.

Business supplier Bunzl is in takeover talks with ‘a number’ of targets despite warning of difficult trading ahead.

Oil titan BP is set to sell all its operations in Alaska for £4.5billion as it continues its move away from conventional oil and gas drilling.

Scandal-hit accountant Deloitte has been accused of handing out 'rewards for failure' after top staff received their biggest pay day in a decade.

Marks & Spencer has only a week to save its place in the FTSE 100.

The battle for Cobham has intensified after the head of Parliament’s influential defence committee urged the Government to scrutinise the £4billion takeover.

Hedge fund Muddy Waters has continued its pursuit of Burford Capital, accusing the legal finance firm of 'outrageously misleading' investors.

Pizza Express said boosting its vegan menu options and strengthening its ties with delivery group Deliveroo had helped it keep up with shifting diner demands.

The prospect of a No Deal Brexit has usually spelled bad news for shares in Britain's biggest grocers.

Boris Johnson's bid to suspend Parliament before Brexit yesterday sent shock waves through financial markets.

Patients and visitors are flocking to WH Smith stores at hospitals – making them more popular than its train station shops.

One of the world's oldest travel companies has fallen into Chinese hands, all but wiping out shareholders' stakes in the process.

Losses at Mike Ashley-backed lingerie firm Agent Provocateur narrowed as it continued its turnaround plan.

Horses, a helicopter and land in the Dominican Republic are among assets that could be sold to pay back savers caught in the collapse of London Capital & Finance (LCF).

Fewer than one in seven FTSE 100 companies have taken immediate action to close the pension gap between executives and shop floor staff.

Millions of pounds' worth of gold bars are being fraudulently stamped with the logos of major refineries to dodge anti-money laundering and illegal mining rules.

Restaurant chains Loungers and Franco Manca are benefiting from the High Street gloom as they snap up sites abandoned by rivals in cut-price deals.

State-controlled oil giant Saudi Aramco is poised to snub London and instead choose Tokyo for a blockbuster stock market float.

Convenience store chain McColl’s has become the latest retailer to blame poor weather and economic uncertainty for falling sales.

An inventor behind the first electric car charging points has come one step closer to reclaiming a £1million bonus from BP.

Fears are growing that ministers are planning to wave through the controversial £4billion takeover of Cobham.

PWC has been dragged into a £637million court battle involving a scandal-hit insurer.

Billionaire investor David Harding bagged a payday of around £35million last year, even as performance at his hedge fund stuttered.

Amigo Holdings halved in value after warning it would shake up its business model in the face of a regulatory crackdown.

Households are feeling increasingly gloomy about their personal finances and the health of the wider economy over the next 12 months, a survey has found.

The FTSE 100 closed up 22.86 points at 7207.18 and the pound was at $1.22 against the dollar.

Andrea Leadsom was last night scrambling to contact the widow who is leading the campaign against the £4billion takeover ofCobhamafter snubbing her for almost a month.

Rihanna is going head to head with the likes of Victoria's Secret and Agent Provocateur after securing a £40million investment for her lingerie line.

Another day, another profit warning.

TroubledHargreaves Lansdownhas admitted it 'may have been wrong' to invest inBurford Capital.

Smiths Group'smedical devices arm could be sold to private equity as foreign buyers swoop on British firms.

Partof collapsed British Steel has been sold to the French in a move that will save hundreds of jobs.

A string of major listed firms are braced for investor revolts over executive pay this week.

An extraordinary row between an historic shipping company and a former executive over suspicious share trades and claims that staff paid for prostitutes on expenses has triggered an investigation by the City watchdog.

Short-sellers led by the infamous Muddy Waters Research have been all over Burford Capital in recent weeks, cashing in as they took aim at the litigation financing firm.

A property investment company with links to one of America’s most aggressive hedge funds and a vehicle run by the son of one Britain’s best known developers have approached Capital & Counties about buying its Earls Court Exhibition Centre development site.

It wasa case of Beanz Meanz Profits at the British arm of US food giant Kraft Heinz, as the food producer saw sales jump 5 per cent last year.

SIG has hired advisers to find a buyer for a division of the construction materials company that may be worth more than £200million.

Three of Britain’s best-known blue-chip companies are on the verge of dropping out of the FTSE 100 in a ‘hugely symbolic’ changing of the guard as investors ditch shares once viewed as safe bets.

A Chinese tech firm with links to the largest shareholder in scandal-hitTelit Communicationsis carrying out a multi-million pound equity fundraising amid speculation it may launch an offer for the AIM-listed business.

There are more men called Michael chairing Britain’s largest companies than there are women in similar posts, an analysis by The Mail on Sunday has found.

It almost went bust a decade ago, but Pizza Hut has slashed its losses and put in place ambitious plans to grow.

The row over the taxpayer-funded Help to Buy scheme will ignite again this week when two of Britain's biggest housebuilders report record profits.

Former defence secretary Michael Heseltine has made a furious intervention in a row over the £4bn sale of defence giant Cobham to an American private equity group.

The FTSE 100 closed up 74.76 points at 7281.94 and the pound was at $1.21 against the dollar.

The battle between Debenhams and billionaire tycoon Mike Ashley is set to reignite this week as the department store chain heads to London's High Court to defend its store closure plans.

The UK's manufacturing output slid at the fastest rate in seven years in August, as the ongoing Brexit drama and a global economic slowdown hit demand.

Embattled De La Rue has chosen the boss of Micro Focus as its chairman – just days after he issued a disastrous profit warning in his current job at the software giant.

One in six families is stockpiling in preparation for Brexit.

Marks & Spencer will be stripped of its place in the FTSE 100 today.

Beleaguered Neil Woodford has lost a key ally on the board of Woodford Patient Capital Trust.

Five years afterAstraZenecafought off a takeover by rival Pfizer, it is hard to argue with boss Pascal Soriot's claim that the drug maker's best days were ahead of it.

Housebuilders should provide more information about complaints over the quality of their work and the environmental impact of developments, according to a UK pension fund.

One of Sir Philip Green's longest standing lieutenants has quit as chief operating officer of Topshop owner Arcadia.

JCB has revealed record annual sales but said tough conditions lie ahead for its international operations.

The FTSE 100 closed down 13.75 points at 7268.19 and the pound was at $1.21 against the dollar.

More restaurant closures are now on the cards as The Restaurant Group today revealed plans to walk away from another 42 of its Chiquito and Frankie & Benny's sites after posting hefty losses.

MTI Wireless Edgeis looking well placed to benefit from the latest revolution in 5G internet.

The disgraced former chief executive of HBOS insists he is ready to run a listed company again despite a probe by City regulators hanging over him.

In the wake of a flurry of takeover offers for British companies, analysts are keen to pinpoint the next target.

Plumbing supplier Ferguson could leave the FTSE 100, as it appears to be preparing for a move to the US.

The American private equity firm bidding for Cobham has been urged to come clean over its plans for the British defence group.

Lego is to open 160 stores worldwide this year after a sales boost driven by demand for toys in China.

Neil Woodford has sold a major chunk of his stake in the struggling doorstep lender Non-Standard Finance (NSF).

The FTSE 100 closed up 43.07 points at 7311.26 and the pound was at $1.22 against the dollar.

Royal Bank of Scotland has revealed it has been hit with up to £900million in additional payment protection insurance claims after a late surge ahead of the August deadline.

Shares in the UK's biggest housebuilder, Barratt Developments, slipped today despite the company revealing a record annual profits haul.

Sir Philip Green has lost a second ally within days as he prepares to report a plunge in sales and profits at his Arcadia retail empire.

Care home chain Barchester Healthcare could lose £12million if it has to refund charges it levied on residents and their families.

Majestic is giving away almost a million bottles of wine as it launches a 'fitting' service for customers based on blind tasting.

Mere months after Non-Standard Finance dropped its £1.3billion bid to buy rival Provident Financial, it seems that the predator is about to become the prey.

A social media star famed by Hannah Uttley for cleaning tips and housekeeping advice has boosted sales at the homeware retailer Dunelm.

Pub group Fuller's will dish out £69million to shareholders after completing the £250million sale of its brewery arm to Japan's Asahi in January.

The widow leading the charge against the £4billion takeover of British defence group Cobham has taken her fight to the firm's top shareholders.

The FTSE 100 slipped again today as the pound continued its rally.

The risks that a no-deal Brexit scenario poses to the supply of food across Britain have been widely documented, debated and, in some instances, dismissed.

Dixons Carphone has seen sales in its loss-making mobile business continue to plummet, but told investors it is still on track for the year.

Shares in CYBG have hit a record low after the bank warned it would take a hit of up to £450million on payment protection insurance (PPI) costs.

The boss of transport giant Go-Ahead has signalled potential interest in rival FirstGroup's under-review UK bus arm as he revealed rail woes sent annual earnings tumbling.

There is no shortage of tales of woe from retailers, but Ocado is the exception.

Banks have been hammered by a rush of last-minute PPI claims that will cost them an extra £17billion.

Boden's boss is leaving the retailer after warning profits will take a hit this year.

It has been a torrid year for Metro Bank investors – and it may yet get worse still.

The turnaround specialist that owns GKN has narrowed its losses.

William Hill has appointed a digital expert as chief executive as it moves away from the High Street towards online betting.

Former BT boss Gavin Patterson has landed a job at a £108billion American technology group.

Another major housebuilder has revealed record annual profits off the back of the Help to Buy scheme.

Pubs and brewer company Greene King has seen sales dip in the first quarter, ahead of its £2.7billion takeover by CKA - the real estate group run by Hong Kong's richest family.

Suffolk-based Greene King said its sales slipped as it struggled to keep up with strong figures from 2018, which were buoyed by warm weather and the World Cup.

The fashion empire owned by Sir Philip Green and his wife Tina plunged to a bruising loss last year, as it came up against hot competition and a ‘dramatically’ changed retail landscape.

While many retailers have been sobbing in recent years, investors in Boohoo were crying tears of joy this week as the online fashion chain's shares hit a new all-time high.

Wetherspoons has slashed the price of a pint of beer in a bid to demonstrate the benefits of Brexit.

The foreign predator trying to buy a British defence stalwart has been ringing small shareholders ahead of a vote on the deal.

Berkeley Group has suffered a bruising investor rebellion over its decision to hand bosses £32m despite sinking profits.

Beleaguered Neil Woodford faced more bad news yesterday.

The boss of Britain's 'useless' accounting regulator was paid almost three times as much as the prime minister last year.

Sir Philip Green has vowed to restore the fortunes of his loss-making Arcadia empire with a £135m overhaul, including plans to sell Topshop fashions through the Next and Asos websites.

Emma Walmsley has had a busy year at GlaxoSmithKline with a deal spree that has included merging its consumer healthcare business with Pfizer’s.

Morrisons is making aggressive price cuts in an attempt to win back customers, it has been claimed.

The John Lewis Partnership faces 'hard decisions' as the retailer prepares to unveil a half-year loss.

The £900m deal to save Thomas Cook has been threatened by a row over pensions.

Bosses at Norman Foster's architectural firm took home £35m in pay after a successful year that included designing high-tech stores for Apple.

The FTSE 100 closed down 46.53 points at 7235.81 and the pound was at $1.24 against the dollar.

Lloyds Banking Group has become the latest high street lender to increase the amount of money it needs to pay out for mis-selling payment protection insurance, following a surge in claims.

The owner of Primark, Associated British Foods (ABF), led the losers on the London stock exchange on Monday morning after its shares slipped by more than 3 per cent in early trading.

It's a truism in the mining industry that exploration companies, large or small, enjoy a re-rating as they move their projects closer and closer to production.

Mike Ashley, the high street tycoon behind Sports Direct, is hoping to add another struggling retail brand to his fast-growing portfolio, it has emerged.

Savers trapped in Neil Woodford's toxic Equity Income fund have been unable to access their money for 100 days.

Lloyds has been forced to abandon plans to return cash to shareholders after being stung with yet another PPI bill of up to £1.8 billion.

The High Street has not been the only victim of the crisis decimating Britain's retail sector.

Mike Ashley has swooped on another struggling retailer despite anger over his buying spree among Sports Direct investors.

Troubled Eddie Stobart confirmed it has been approached about a takeover by private equity.

Two partners have quit tainted KPMG amid a string of scandals over the behaviour of senior managers.

Primark's owner Associated British Foods has insisted it will not increase prices for customers as it battles falling sales in the UK.

The Royal Mint is set to launch a gold backed exchange-traded commodity, offering savers the opportunity to invest in gold without actually having to buy bullion, putting their money in a tracker fund which is traded on the stock market.

Newly qualified solicitors are being offered starting salaries of £140,000 as firms bulk up to cope with a surge in demand for Brexit advice.

HousebuilderBovis Homeshas rekindled talks with rivalGalliford Tryover merging with its housing arm in a deal valuing the newly formed firm at £1.08billion.

Shoppers living in mobile signal blackspots could find it harder to buy online.

There are very few fund managers who become household names.

Shares in struggling fashion chain Superdry fell after analysts warned 'radical' change was needed.

The battle for Cobham heated up last night after one of the defence firm's major investors hit out at its planned takeover by a US private equity group.

Equipment rental firm Ashtead has notched up higher first-quarter profits as another bumper US performance offset tougher UK trading.

Gold prices could hit a record high within the next two years as slowing US growth and the prospect of interest rate cuts push investors to safer assets.

A global slowdown is increasingly likely as trade wars and uncertainty over the future take their toll, Mark Carney has warned.

The FTSE 100 closed up 70.08 points at 7338.03 and the pound was at $1.23 against the dollar.

Inditex, the fashion juggernaut behind the Zara, Bershka and Pull & Bear chains, said sales surged in the first half of the year, as one particular black and white polka-dot dress flew off the shelves in the UK.

A controversial tax on contractors may be scrapped after Chancellor Sajid Javid backed a probe.

Zara owner Inditex bucked the High Street gloom as customers flocked to buy a £39.99 polka dot dress.

After an already difficult year, the last thing Gulf Marine Services investors would have wanted yesterday was more turbulence.

A chunk of Britain's second-largest care home chain is set to be sold to a US hedge fund.

Investors in the London Stock Exchange (LSE) hope a bidding war will erupt after its Hong Kong rival launched a £32 billion takeover bid.

The widow leading the campaign against the proposed takeover of Cobham is refusing to meet the US private equity firm behind the £4 billion bid.

Outsourcer Serco has been given a two-year extension to a contract with the Australian government to monitor and run its detention centres.

The John Lewis Partnership - a British high street stalwart - warned today that it would be impossible to fully mitigate the 'significant' impact of a no-deal Brexit.

The struggles on many UK high streets are well documented, with shop closures and job losses rarely away from the headlines.

The European Central Bank (ECB) has launched a new round of monetary stimulus to give the economy a boost in the face of global uncertainties like the US-China trade conflict and Brexit.

Trainline expects to rake in higher full-year revenues after the popularity of mobile tickets led to a surge in sales.

Watchdogs in the US will wade in to block the Hong Kong stock exchange's £32billion bid for the London Stock Exchange, experts believe.

Neil Woodford’s troubled investment trust has suffered another multi-million pound blow after being forced to cut the estimated value of one its investments.

British American Tobacco is cutting 2,300 jobs as it focuses on vaping under chief executive Jack Bowles.

The Co-op is set to overhaul its funeral business after profits more than halved following a surprise 10 per cent fall in the number of people dying.

Babcock International has fought off major rival BAE Systems in the race to build Britain's newest generation of warships.

Shares in the company behind mobile phone game Angry Birds dived after it warned profits will be lower than expected.

Nationwide has become the latest major lender to say it expects to put aside extra cash to deal with PPI claims, following a bigger-than-expected surge in inquiries as the deadline loomed.

The first half of 2019 has been a happy one for investors in AIM companies, with dividend payouts on the junior market rising to a record high.

Cobham is on the brink of falling into foreign hands after a bitter takeover battle.

When Bovis Homes unveiled plans to bulk up by buying parts of rival Galliford Try, the initial response from shareholders was muted to say the least.

Two blue-chip banks, two ambitious commodity firms and a semiconductor supplier are the five most-followed British stocks, according to one financial markets website.

A British company which has assembled a heavyweight board and is planning to grow marijuana in England is plotting a £100 million float that would make it the largest cannabis business on the London Stock Exchange.

The investor made famous by the Hollywood movie The Big Short has placed bets against British banks Standard Chartered and HSBC in a bid to cash in on the Hong Kong crisis.

Small shareholders have been urged to try to oust the chairman of the only large public firm never to have had a woman on its board.

Hedge funds are betting a record £100million that shares in British Gas owner Centrica will continue to cool.

Pension giant Aviva is poised to take control of Wyevale Garden Centres' £50million pension fund following a break-up of the chain by its owner.

Tesco has surged past the £1billion profit mark in the first half of its financial year, the latest sign that the rewiring of the business under chief executive Dave Lewis is paying off.

Hong Kong’s stock exchange is threatening to begin a war of words with London Stock Exchange, by slamming its deal to buy City data specialists Refinitiv.

'It's been some start to the week,' says Craig Erlam from Oanda, as oil prices spiked by up to 20 per cent at one point on the back of anattack on a major Saudi oil facility.

The High Street might be in crisis but there are retailers primed to benefit from the way we shop.

An ambitious £5billion plan to build the world's largest fertiliser mine in North Yorkshire has been thrown into doubt, as Sirius Minerals ditched a crucial fundraising.

US office space firm WeWork has delayed its much-anticipated New York stock market float as it failed to entice enough investors.

French Connection saw its shares tumble this morning after the struggling fashion retailer said it was still looking for a new suitor.

Britain's biggest housebuilders have handed executives £136million in pay after their profits were boosted by the taxpayer-funded Help To Buy scheme.

Oil prices fell by more than six per cent yesterday after Saudi Arabia said its output would return to normal within weeks following crippling drone strikes on Saturday.

The Treasure is ready to block the Hong Kong stock exchange's proposed takeover of London Stock Exchange, the Mail understands.

The Co-op is stealing market share from the Big Four grocers, latest figures show.

Hedge funds banked millions of pounds yesterday as shares in the company trying to build a fertiliser mine under the North York Moors nosedived.

Despite employment rates hitting record highs, Britain’s recruiters have been struggling for some time.

More than half a million British households and businesses still lack a decent broadband connection, figures have revealed.

Office space provider We Work has shelved plans to float on the stock market this month over fears it would fail to attract enough backers.

Bosses at Ocado have warned of shortage of raspberries, mozzarella and parma ham if there is a No Deal Brexit.

Apple has been accused of striking a sweetheart deal with Ireland's tax authorities on the first day of a landmark legal battle with the European Union.

The FTSE 100 closed down 6.35 points at 7314.05 and the pound was at $1.25 against the dollar.

Britain's biggest supermarkets have called for a VAT cut to protect customers from price rises in the event of a No Deal Brexit.

Boris Johnson's Government faces a crucial test of its attitude towards foreign takeovers following a dramatic intervention in the £4billion battle for British defence firm Cobham.

After a tumultuous year so far, Metro Bank was probably hoping to keep its head down for a while.

The former boss of Stobart Group, Andrew Tinkler, is preparing a bid for the separate troubled lorry firm Eddie Stobart.

The chief executive of Dechra Pharmaceuticals has sold almost £6million worth of stock.

City stockbroker Cenkos has kicked off its board a founding shareholder with close ties to the embattled fund manager Neil Woodford.

The US central bank has cut interest rates for only the second time since 2008 following pressure from the White House to slash the cost of borrowing.

The FTSE 100 closed up 42.37 points at 7356.42 and the pound was at $1.25 against the dollar.

Embattled department store group Debenhams has won a High Court challenge against landlords who tried to scupper its plans to close multiple stores, reduce rents and cut jobs in a bid to revive its fortunes.

Ryanairboss Michael O'Leary has been given a bloody nose by investors after just half agreed to back the company's pay plans.

KPMG partners are being pushed to file their own expenses as it slashes administrative jobs.

London remains the only major financial centre in Europe more than three years after the Brexit vote, according to an influential global ranking.

Kier’s chairman is quitting as the embattled contractor announced a £245million loss yesterday.

Reporting flat revenues isn’t usually a cause for celebration.

Next is 'weathering the retail storm' as it enjoyed a rise in half-year profits, the store's boss revealed.

Troubled De La Rue has been sniffing around for a contract to print money in Sudan.

Wallace and Gromit’s animator has appointed a company insider of 20 years to take over from its outgoing boss.

The pound has lost earlier gains, after climbing over $1.25 as Brexit deal hopes rose on positive comments made by Commission chief Jean Claude Juncker overnight.

Engineering giantRolls-Royceis facing further delays in solving problems with its Trent 1000 engines which led to aircraft groundings.

Investors inEve Sleepwere treated to a rude awakening this week after merger talks collapsed between the struggling mattress maker and its competitor Simba Sleep.

There will be more delays ahead for airlines using planes withRolls-RoyceTrent 1000 engines, the FTSE 100 stalwart has warned.

Two partners at Deloitte face a disciplinary tribunal over their audits of scandal-hit UK software giant Autonomy.

One of the UK's longest-standing retail bosses has predicted the death of Black Friday sales in Britain.

A Billionaire who casts himself as China's answer to Warren Buffet is under increasing pressure to save Thomas Cook.

The chief executive of Glaxo-smithkline is to take on an additional job – as a director of tech giant Microsoft.

Schroders' chairman Michael Dobson cashed in nearly £1.3million of stock in the global asset manager on Monday.

Royal Bank of Scotland has ended months of speculation and appointed Alison Rose as chief executive, making her the first woman to head a major UK bank.

Thomas Cook, Britain's best known holiday company, is on the brink of collapse, with bosses scrambling to secure extra funding to prop it up.

In a London sushi restaurant in the shadow of St Paul’s Cathedral, Richard Hodgson is debating whether to order salmon sashimi or chicken katsu curry.

Marks & Spencerwill trade as a FTSE 250 company for the first time today, as bosses grapple with the departure of another executive.

The tycoon who founded Hargreaves Lansdown has slammed the fund supermarket over its handling of the Neil Woodford crisis.

Hedge funds have been cashing in on the crisis at Thomas Cook that led to the holiday group going bust today.

The world's oldest travel firm, Thomas Cook, has slumped into administration, leaving 150,000 UK holidaymakers stranded overseas and 21,000 people suddenly out of work.

Two of Thomas Cook’s biggest rivals saw their shares spike by 7 per cent in early trading on Monday as investors hurried to cash in on the catastrophic collapse of the world’s oldest travel firm.

Standard Chartered is facing another row with shareholders over the pay of chief executive Bill Winters.

A baby products firm that counts the Duchess of Sussex as a fan has accused a US rival of ripping off its designs.

Amazon has been forced to set aside more than £2.7billion as it fights a number of disputes with tax authorities around the world.

For a small and, until recently, relatively unassuming company, it’s fair to say Burford Capital has had a busy summer.

Metro Bank has been dealt another blow after having to shelve a £200million fundraising due to a lack of demand from investors.

London has overtaken New York in a ranking of cities that attract the most funding for financial technology firms.

Ocado's chairman has pledged to 'go to any lengths' to protect its intellectual property amid a legal fight with a co-founder.

The eurozone economy has almost ground to a halt after being hit by a downturn in Germany’s vital manufacturing sector.

Thousands of small investors in Thomas Cook are furious after being wiped out by its demise.

Card Factory admitted today that the cost of Brexit stockpiling weighed on its profits over spring and summer.

The boss of Hotel Chocolat proudly described his stores as 'a doorway into instant escapist happiness' today, as sales accelerated for another year.

Bosses at car maker Volkswagen have been charged with market manipulation connected to the diesel emissions scandal.

Not all publicity, it would seem, is good publicity.

Metro Bank was reeling yesterday as shares crashed by a third to an all-time low.

A string of accounting changes have blown the Government's deficit reduction plans off course ahead of a major public spending spree.

Burford Capital took another battering after hedge fund Muddy Waters launched a fresh attack on its accounting practices.

The head of the Hong Kong stock exchange has said he would reject his own offer if he was in charge of the London Stock Exchange (LSE).

Sources close to the liquidation process said that there had been interest from potential buyers in the Thomas Cook name, despite the damage it has suffered over the last week.

The founder of Wework has been ousted as chief executive over the disastrous handling of a stock market listing.

The Footsie was flat at the close, partly rescued by a slump in the pound, which dropped 1.1 per cent against the dollar and 0.5 per cent against the euro.

Boris Johnson has been urged to step in and save the stricken manufacturer of the double-decker buses he ordered for London.

Britain's superyacht industry has sailed into its seventh year of growth amid surging demand from the US, new figures show.

Model train company Hornby is finally getting its mojo back, issuing a tongue-in-cheek update after its sales climbed between April and August.

Ailing Metro Bank may keep winning the gongs for customer service, but it hasn't performed too well for its mega-rich backers recently.

Flat-pack furniture giant Ikea has posted rising global sales as it undergoes one of the biggest transformations in its history.

Prudential is set to shell out £350million on spinning off its M&G arm into a separate business.

Car production increased by 3.3 per cent last month, the first rise in over a year, new figures show.

Britain’s largest supermarkets have announced a change of tack in the battle to fend off discounters Aldi and Lidl.

The FTSE 100 closed up 61.09 points at 7351.08 and the pound was at $1.23 against the dollar.

British Airway's owner,International Airlines Group, has issued a profit warning after taking a hit from the 48-hour strike action by its pilots earlier this month.

Debenhams finance chief Rachel Osborne is heading for the exit after just a year with the embattled department store chain.

Jaguar Land Rover will pause production at its British factories for a week in November to reduce disruption from a potential No Deal Brexit.

The slew of profits warnings by FTSE 100 companies has piled fresh pressure on Neil Woodford.

Shore Capital is quitting the stock market in London after deciding its listing on AIM is a distraction to management, too expensive and – because the shares aren’t trading very much – has ultimately undervalued the company.

Marks & Spencer chairman Archie Norman bought nearly £100,000 worth of the company’s shares as they crashed to their lowest level for nearly two decades.

Four FTSE 100 companies issued profit warnings yesterday, sparking a stock market rout that wiped billions of pounds off their value.

Bosses of Thomas Cook and the blue-chip accountants that signed off its accounts will be hauled in front of MPs.

The FTSE 100 closed up 75.13 points at 7426.21 and the pound was at $1.23 against the dollar.

The pound has fallen after Bank of England policymaker Michael Saunders claimed the Bank could cut interest rates even if Britain ends up with a Brexit deal.

Veterans minister Johnny Mercer is finally quitting a second job linked to a savings scandal.

Neil Woodford is facing fresh calls to be axed from the investment trust that bears his name.

Mothercare’s chairman has taken on a second job.

A private equity fund has taken a £15.5million hit on wellymaker Le Chameau.

A Clarksons non-executive director has pocketed £1.7million from selling 75,000 shares in the shipbroking giant.

What is it?

Britain faces a major shortage of vets, one of the country's biggest veterinary practices operators has warned.

British-made luxury bicycles are booming abroad thanks to the growing international popularity of cycling and a weak pound.

London's listed gold miners retreated as the price of the yellow metal sank to its lowest level in a week.

Newly appointed RBS boss Alison Rose faces seeing the bank dragged into court over allegations that staff illegally altered a date on a wealthy customer's £10million loan and then accused him of fraud.

An audacious swoop on the London Stock Exchange Group by its Hong Kong rival faces a setback after a shortfall of nearly £2billion emerged in the funding for the offer.

Oil and gas companyEnergeanis sizing up bidders for a $200million (£162million) portfolio of assets as it focuses on becoming the biggest gas producer in the eastern Mediterranean.

The chief executive of BP is planning to retire after almost ten years steering the oil giant back from the brink after the Gulf of Mexico disaster.

Sir Richard Branson will pick up a £178million windfall when his space tourism firm Virgin Galactic becomes a public company.

A mining company that aims to support the British car industry by producing a domestic supply of lithium for electric car batteries has raised a further £1.4million.

Sir Philip Green’s Miss Selfridge chain slumped to a £17.5million loss last year in the latest blow to his struggling Arcadia empire.

Fallen fund manager Neil Woodford is facing the axe from the Patient Capital trust that bears his name, as it emerged the value of its assets have tumbled by more than a quarter in the past six months.

Artificial intelligence and big data are sweeping through the healthcare and pharma markets as cloud computing and low-cost monitoring devices enable patients' reactions to be easily recorded and stored.

One of the highly-paid bosses blamed for the demise of Thomas Cook is selling holidays online after cashing in on the sale of his own travel firm.

Troubled Four Seasons is set to lock horns with its landlords over unsustainable rents.

Credit card borrowing fell to its lowest level since December in a sign consumers are reining in spending.

Saudi Arabia has issued a stark warning that oil prices could reach ‘unimaginably’ high levels if tensions with Iran persist.

Amid a sluggish start to the week for markets, analysts' views were responsible for some of the Footsie's sharpest share price moves.

Major auditing firms are facing a crackdown after being lambasted for failing to flag up financial problems at companies which later collapsed.

John Rogers, a 'highly rated' Sainsbury's executive who was widely tipped to succeed chief executive Mike Coupe, has revealed plans to quit the supermarket group later this month and take up a new post at WPP.

A top banking boss has been forced to head for the exit after being found responsible for a cloak and dagger spying operation targeting a former colleague who left to join a rival.

The Belfast shipyard that built the Titanic has been rescued by an AIM-listed energy infrastructure firm.

A third of senior managers face the chop in an overhaul at the John Lewis Partnership.

The plan to turn around Marks & Spencer’s clothing and home business is 18 months behind schedule, its chief executive said yesterday.

Accountants raked in nearly £60million in fees from Thomas Cook in the 12 years before the travel company collapsed last week.

Manufacturers across Britain and Europe are in a rut as a global trade war and Brexit uncertainty take their toll.

Plumbing and building supplies merchant Ferguson surged to the top of the Footsie leaderboard after it surpassed City forecasts.

Dave Lewis, boss of Britain's biggest retailer Tesco, has revealed plans to step down next summer after five years at the helm.

Vernon Hill, the controversial founder and chairman ofMetro Bank, is quitting the firm by the end of the year.

And the award for understatement of the year goes to... outgoing Tesco boss Dave Lewis, who blithely said today: 'When I arrived, Tesco was in a difficult place.'

A global stock market sell-off saw 3 per cent wiped off the UK's FTSE 100 index today, as a new front opened in the trade war and recession and Brexit fears gripped traders.

Around £60billion was wiped off the FTSE 100 as it clocked up its worst day since January 2016.

Online fashion retailer Asos has appointed a slew of heavy-hitting directors to revive its fortunes.

Builders have suffered their second worst month since the Great Recession a decade ago.

Troubled Metro Bank has finally managed to shore up its balance sheet as chairman Vernon Hill agreed to leave by the end of the year.

Aston Martin shares slumped another 6 per cent yesterday as it capped off a torrid first year as a public company.

One hundred of Britain’s top businesswomen have launched a new campaign to end pay discrimination.

The UK economy is at a 'heightened risk of recession', an economist has warned, as the country's dominant service sector falters.

Harland and Wolff employees have gone back to work after the closure-threatened shipyard was sold.

Almost £88billion has been wiped off the value of Britain's blue-chip companies as fears over the state of the global economy spooked investors.

H&M's recovery gathered pace in the third quarter as profits jumped after it sharpened its online presence.

Sales at the world's leading diamond group fell by almost 40 per cent in the latest sign that the industry is in crisis.

The FTSE 100 is losing another female boss after Imperial Brands said Alison Cooper was leaving.

Gold companies, as a general rule, benefit from turmoil on global stock markets.

Ineos has launched a consultation on the potential closure of a manufacturing plant which employs more than 220 people.

Neil Woodford has raked in more than £8million of fees from investors stuck in his toxic fund.

Ted Baker is going through the wringer.

Yesterday, markets suffered a second day of declines, amid further evidence the global economy is cooling down.

AIM-listedInfraStratawas floating near the top of the junior market’s leaderboard this week after rescuing the Belfast shipyard where the Titanic was built.

Political turmoil and the timing of Brexit could significantly delay or even derail Advent's £4billion takeover of FTSE 250 defence group Cobham.

The boss of emerging markets investment firm Ashmore Group gave his bank account a healthy top-up this week.

After a turbulent few days, the Footsie managed to avoid a five-day losing streak and end the week on a positive note.

Ted Baker's founder Ray Kelvin has lost more than £66million in just two days after the struggling retailer's shares tumbled nearly 10 per cent in the wake of a profit warning.

Instant messaging start-up Yapster has raised £2.6million as it aims to become the mobile inbox for two billion workers across the world.

Peppa Pig ownerEntertainment Onehas hired an influential shareholder lobbying firm in its £3.3billion takeover by American toy giant Hasbro.

Nurses, teachers and rail workers struggling to find affordable homes could benefit under an innovative scheme from property groupInland Homes.

Energy giant Royal Dutch Shell is reversing its attempt to break into the taxi market despite investing millions in an app aimed at boosting drivers’ fares while trying to tackle climate change.

Sir James Dyson's move into making air purifiers and robot vacuum cleaners helped lift his empire's profits by £51million to £750million last year.

Some of the City's biggest investors have thrown their weight behind an ambitious British firm building a high-tech jet engine to fly passengers from London to New York in just one hour at 3,800 mph.

The Hong Kong stock exchange is under pressure to find another £4billion to convince London Stock Exchange investors to back its takeover bid, it has emerged.

The John Lewis Partnership's next chair, Sharon White, must trigger a fundamental review of the 'Never Knowingly Undersold' slogan and consider closing some stores, a retail veteran has said.

Brexit donor Arron Banks is planning to raise capital to expand his car insurance group so he can cash in on the rising cost of premiums.

Tesco boss Dave Lewis has received a major endorsement for his turnaround of the supermarket, after one of its biggest suppliers spoke out in praise of his five years in charge.

Only a few months ago, Kenny Alexander, the chief executive of Ladbrokes Coral ownerGVC, was under the cosh.

HSBCis planning to cut up to 10,000 jobs as interim chief executive Noel Quinn seeks to slash costs and stamp his mark on the global banking group, according to reports.

Tense times are ahead for Metro Bank as it searches for a new chairman to take over from Vernon Hill, who launched the bank in the aftermath of the financial crisis in a blaze of razzmatazz.

The founding Cobham family and a former boss of the defence group have stepped up their attack on its £4billion takeover by a US private equity firm.

Shares in building supplies firm SIG have plummeted after the business warned that a deepening downturn in the UK and German construction markets would hit profits.

Last month was the worst September for spending since at least 1995, a report has found, as the political 'gridlock' and looming threat of a no-deal Brexit makes life even harder for retailers.

Marks & Spencer is relaunching its largest womenswear label Per Una as it desperately tries to refresh its ailing fashion department.

City grandee Michael Spencer will take a stake in a bookmaker set up by Winston Churchill, in a deal which has already attracted the backing of hedge fund managers and horse racing royalty.

Mike Ashley has vowed that his troubled House Of Fraser chain will fight on as it faces the crucial festive period.

The first pilots' strike in British Airways' 100-year history knocked more than the airline's reputation.

Alison Rose will face a baptism of fire when she takes the top job at Royal Bank of Scotland next month.

Sir John Kingman, the former Treasury mandarin who played a key role during the bailout of the banking system, is being lined up as the next chairman of Tesco Bank.

Shares in Neil Woodford's investment trust have hit a low in yet another blow to the once-feted fund manager and his followers.

Troubled De La Rue has finally appointed a chief executive – nearly two years after losing the contract to make Britain’s blue post-Brexit passports.

TheLondon Stock Exchangehas avoided a fall into the clutches of one of its global rivals after Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing dropped a £32billion takeover bid.

Consumer confidence has fallen ahead of the crucial Christmas trading period in a blow to the struggling High Street.

Vodafone is to open bigger shops in a vote of confidence in Britain's high streets.

Selfridges has bucked the gloom on the High Street by raking in record sales.

Salaries are booming and unemployment levels are at 45-year lows – but a double whammy of profit warnings from recruiters show there is more to the jobs market than meets the eye.

The global economy is suffering a 'synchronised slowdown' as trade disputes, Brexit and geopolitical tensions take their toll, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned.

Labrokes ownerGVC Holdingshas upped its full year profit forecast, amid healthy online sales.

Technology titans such as Facebook and Amazon face a global crackdown under the biggest shake-up of tax rules in a century.

Fears are rising for Pizza Express as investors raised doubts about whether it will fully pay off its massive debts – estimated at £1.8million per restaurant.

American giant Johnson & Johnson faces a flood of claims after it was ordered to pay £6.6billion damages to a man who grew breasts after taking an antipsychotic drug.

BT IS coming back to the High Street after a 17-year absence as part of a plan to provide 'good, old-fashioned' customer service.

A rise in online and over-the-counter betting has left the Ladbrokes Coral owner GVC quids in.

The boss of the company behind British Airways rapped climate change protesters as he promised all flights within the UK will be carbon neutral from next year.

Andrea Leadsom, the Business Secretary, last night rapped Barclays' decision to ban its customers from taking out cash through post offices and called on the bank to think again.

Fund supermarket Hargreaves Lansdown has hailed a 'solid start' to the financial year but warned that new business in the past three months was impacted by uncertainty over Brexit and the global economy.

Dunelm shares slid by more than 11 per cent on Thursday as the retailer flagged 'mixed' trading during September when 'political uncertainty' took its toll on the homewares market.

On The Market saw half-year losses widen as it warned that estate agents listing their properties on its website were holding back from signing long-term contracts amid continued Brexit uncertainty.

British Airways's boss has spoken about his frustration over recent strikes – and insisted a deal can be done with the pilots.

De La Rue's former boss Martin Sutherland has been handed a £50,000 leaving package to help him find a new job.

The slowdown in the housing market has taken its toll on home furnishing retailer Dunelm.

HMV will today open one of Europe's biggest shops as it seeks to buck the gloom on the High Street.

Britain is likely to avoid recession with help from the film industry.

Hundreds of Thomas Cook employees could still lose their jobs, despite a rescue deal from Hays Travel.

A no deal Brexit which led to 10 per cent tariffs on exports would make Nissan’s European business model unsustainable, its chairman has warned.

The AIM All-Share was down 0.4 per cent at 859.6 during the week, while the FTSE 100 rose 0.4 per cent to 7,184.

Sajid Javid should get a move on and look at overhauling business rates, the Canadian businessman who saved HMV urged.

It has been just 19 days since Thomas Cook dramatically collapsed, with the airline’s demise costing thousands of jobs and leaving travellers around the world stranded.

There were celebrations at the factory gates after a deal to save troubled bus builder Wrightbus moved a step closer.

Investors piled into British assets yesterday amid signs Boris Johnson is closing in on a Brexit deal with the European Union.

British Airways will use posts on Instagram and other social media platforms to help it pick new flight destinations.

BP has warned that Hurricane Barry’s trail of destruction in the Gulf of Mexico hit production and increased its tax rate.

The boss of Greggs could buy more than 1m of his firm’s sausage rolls with the money from his recent share sale.

Fund manager Terry Smith has been left red-faced after the brokerage firm he used to head was slapped with a £15.4million fine.

Fresh from shrugging off the unwanted advances of its Hong Kong rival, theLondon Stock Exchangegroup is likely to start bragging about the benefits of its £21billion takeover of trading data provider Refinitiv.

Thomas Cook did not need to fail and was turned into a 'zombie' firm by former bosses who overloaded it with debt, two influential travel executives have claimed.

Land Securities is on the cusp of signing a deal to sell a portfolio of properties worth £650million.

The Prudential is launching a global search for a new chairman to replace Paul Manduca.

Royal Mail is facing the threat of staff strikes during its lucrative Black Friday and Christmas period.

Sterling lost some of its lustre yesterday amid concerns that a Brexit deal is still some way off.

Ministers refused to bail out Thomas Cook because they feared other failing businesses would expect a lifeline from taxpayers.

Ocado shares were knocked after JP Morgan analysts cast doubt on its value.

Retired partners at PwC have shared a £100million windfall after a year of bumper profits at the firm.

Mike Ashley's Sports Direct has called for wide-ranging investigation into the sportswear industry, complaining about the dominance of Adidas and Nike.

The market share of the Big Four supermarkets has tumbled to a 15-year low as the march of the German discounters Aldi and Lidl continues.

Boris Johnson once famously claimed he was 'veering all over the place like a shopping trolley' over Brexit.

Investors reacted with relief to a tough update from recruiter Hays, which kept its fees stable in the face of a difficult UK private sector.

One of Britain's largest home builders, Barratt Developments, said it has the cash to deal with any Brexit fallout in the housing sector.

Crunch talks between care home chain Four Seasons Health Care and its landlords are in danger of falling apart.

The struggling High Street must shoulder another £137million in business rates from April.

The competition watchdog has formally launched an investigation into Amazon’s investment in food delivery firm Deliveroo.

Lidl is spending £15billion on its British business over the next five years in a boost to UK farmers.

Neil Woodford is still raking in fees from his doomed investment empire even after barring savers from taking their money out of a second of his funds.

Firms embroiled in the Woodford scandal may be sued, say lawyers.

TheIMFhas warned of the vulnerability of open-ended investment funds such as Woodford Equity Income in the wake of the collapse of his savings empire.

Has Asos put its recent troubles behind it?

Dragons’ Den star Peter Jones is fighting to secure the future of camera chain Jessops as he prepares to call in administrators.

The FTSE 100 closed up 14.37 points at 7182.32 and the pound was at $1.28 against the dollar.

Shares inWHSmithjumped over 6 per cent this morning after the retailer announced it had snapped up Las Vegas-based Marshall Retail Group for £312million.

Most of us imagine aristocrats lead a life of languid ease, but not the Duke of Richmond and Gordon, who is an entrepreneur with a Stakhanovite work ethic.

Britain's department stores are in crisis after suffering the biggest fall in sales since the depths of the 2009 recession.

Hargreaves Lansdown has come under fire from savers after the collapse of Neil Woodford’s investment empire.

Grafton Group shares sank after it became the latest building materials supplier to warn that the construction slowdown and DIY drought is chipping away at its profits.

Big business has offered a cautious backing for the Government's new Brexit deal ahead of the knife-edge vote in Parliament on what has been dubbed Super Saturday.

Wincanton - one of the country's biggest warehouse and logistics businesses - is running the rule over haulage company Eddie Stobart Logistics.

The boss of Next cashed in £10million of shares this week as its stock hit a three-year high.

Elegant Hotelsskyrocketed after Marriott International swooped on the AIM-listed firm in a £101million deal.

Thousands of jobs were put in jeopardy last night as Bonmarche went into administration.

Thousands of investors could be left nursing heavy losses after the boss of Sirius Minerals suggested the company may be better off quitting the stock market.

Bosses at Persimmon, Barratt and Bellway have been handed shares worth more than £12million.

In a weekendof high political drama, let's step back and ask ourselves what we really want from life.

A global hunt for the fugitive behind a £250million City fraud has revealed an extraordinary treasure trove of luxury properties, watches, cars and art enjoyed by the businessman and his wife.

Investorsare betting that the FTSE 100 gambling giant behind Paddy Power and Betfair will succeed in merging with Stars Group – the Canadian owner of Sky Bet – in a £10billion deal.

US burger giant Wendy's is heading across the Atlantic for an assault on Britain's fast food market that could see it open hundreds of outlets.

A Britishsocial media start-up backed by pop star Sinitta plans a launch early next year to take on some of the world's biggest technology giants.

Companies listed in Britain have issued their highest number of profit warnings since the financial crisis, research today shows.

Justin Kinghas worked for some of the country's biggest corporations at the highest level.

The chairman of Thomas Cook has been blasted for boasting of his exotic holiday plans just days after the travel giant's collapse.

Huawei's 5G boss has encouraged Boris Johnson to set aside the fact it is Chinese when deciding whether to allow the company to run parts of Britain's wireless networks.

Profit at fashion giant Zara's UK shops halved this year amid a troubled retail sector where a number of chains have collapsed.

RBS could slash its investment bank to a third of its current size in the New Year as it reviews the business under incoming chief executive Alison Rose, sources close to the company say.

The founding family behind Cobham has warned MPs that Britain's defence capabilities have been 'steadily eroded' by foreign takeovers.

A multi-millionaire scrap metal dealer has launched a £4million court claim against a private jet company that has boasted F1 champion Lewis Hamilton and Sir Philip Green among its clients.

Fund manager M&G could hardly have picked a trickier time to spin off from its parent company, the Prudential.

The predatory private equity firm hoping to buy Cobham is close to hammering out an agreement with the Government to push the takeover through.

Britain's small businesses are pleading for radical business rates reform to be unveiled in next month’s Autumn Budget.

Property tycoon Nick Candy – the spouse of pop singer Holly Valance – has confirmed that he is part of a consortium mulling a takeover bid for Earl's Court owner Capital & Counties (Capco).

Just Eat has posted rapidly growing sales in the third quarter despite a backdrop of 'softer consumer spending'.

Investors in peer-to-peer lenderFunding Circlewere thrown a rare piece of good news on Monday as the firm said it was on track to meet expectations this year.

Sirius Minerals has insisted there are no plans to take the business private following controversial comments made by its boss.

GlaxoSmithKline is selling two anti-rabies vaccines to a Danish rival for £822m.

Britain's auditors are far too male-dominated, the industry's regulator has admitted.

Smith & Nephew's chief executive has walked away from the business after his demand for a bigger pay package was refused.

Germany has tumbled into recession as global trade tensions, disruption to the car industry and worries over Brexit take their toll, according to the country's central bank.

Investors in peer-to-peer lender Funding Circle breathed a sigh of relief after the group released a rare piece of good news.

PWC could face legal action over claims it leaked highly sensitive information about one of its clients.

Shares in Capital & Counties Properties rose more than 8 per cent after property tycoon Nick Candy said he was considering a takeover bid.

Just Eat shares soared by a quarter yesterday as tech investment firm Prosus revealed a £4.9billion bid to buy the food delivery company.

Household goods giantReckitt Benckiserhas slashed its annual sales outlook for the second time this year after a 'disappointing' third quarter.

Chancellor Sajid Javid suffered a double blow ahead of next month's Budget amid signs a slowdown in the economy is hurting public finances.

The new boss of B&Q- owner Kingfisher has been handed nearly £7.4million worth of shares.

The High Street is at 'breaking point' and many of the country's biggest chains are in a fight for survival, says a major study.

McDonald's has revealed that one in ten orders now comes through online food delivery platform Uber Eats.

A rescue bid for the troubled temporary office space provider We Work will see its co-founder walk away with a £1.3billion package.

A drop in business travel as companies tighten the purse strings dented profits at Premier Inn owner Whitbread.

Three British construction companies have been slapped with fines totalling £36million for breaching competition law and fixing prices paid by customers for nearly seven years.

Another top Just Eat shareholder has opposed the £4.9billion hostile takeover of the food delivery firm – but said it would consider a price tag of nearly £1billion more.

Starling Bank is set to notch up a million customers within ‘weeks’ after it raised £30million in new funds to drive European expansion.

We work is poised to slash as many as 4,000 jobs after its founder landed £1.3billion in a rescue deal.

Luxury gym clothing brand Varley has bagged almost £4million from investors including Formula One hotshot Ron Dennis.

Arrogant former Thomas Cook bosses were lambasted by MPs for blaming 'everyone but themselves' for the 178-year-old travel giant's collapse.

A new manager for the troubled Woodford Patient Capital Trust will be announced within days.

Could the road to recovery be about to get harder for Rolls-Royce to navigate?

Just Eatshareholders knew exactly where they stood and were likely to have been pretty happy with it until Tuesday morning.

Network Rail has been accused of undermining confidence in British Steel by reducing the amount of track it buys from the ailing manufacturer.

Bleak numbers from two of Britain's most headline-grabbing banks caught the attention of traders yesterday.

AJ Bell has pulled in 34,154 customers over the last year as it steps up its battle with Hargreaves Lansdown.

AstraZenecahas hiked its sales forecasts for the second time this year amid booming demand for its new medicines.

Twitter missed Wall Street's revenue predictions by nearly £40million after its advertising business suffered from technical 'bugs'.

Fresh fears have been raised over the future of Four Seasons Health Care, as the planned rescue of more than half its care homes fell apart.

Hermes has been buoyed by soaring demand in China while weathering the turmoil in Hong Kong.

A long-running dispute between insurance services firmWatchstoneand Anglo-Aussie lawyers Slater & Gordon finally came to an end this week, bookending an acrimonious tit-for-tat exchange between the two companies.

Barclays profits plunged in the third quarter after it was hit by another PPI provision of £1.4billion before the final deadline for compensation claims at the end of August.

The 'ginaissance' is running out of steam as drinkers turn to spiced rum this Christmas.

Nasty Gal has launched a collection with Cara Delevingne this week.

Sir Martin Sorrell has spent almost £13million buying 9m shares in his agency S4 Capital.

Jaguar Land Rover has returned to profit after it was boosted by a sales surge in China.

Bosses at one of the world's biggest insurance brokers made racist and abusive comments about staff who wanted to move to a rival firm.

WPP barrelled to the top of the Footsie leaderboard after it clocked its first quarterly revenue growth in more than a year.

A clutch of the City's best known grandees are this week set to attend a controversial Saudi Arabian investment conference that was boycotted last year following the murder of journalist Jamal Khashoggi.

Online fashion giant Asos has primed its warehouses for a Black Friday sale blitz that could be a major blow to high street retailers.

Lloyds will this week reveal its profits were practically wiped out by a flood of claims for missold payment protection insurance (PPI) ahead of the deadline for customers seeking redress.

Marks & Spencer is preparing to announce a profits slump after a slide at its clothing business, according to analysts.

The battle for takeaway groupJust Eatis heating up nicely.

Japanese conglomerate Softbank is set to inject another £510million into British online finance firm Greensill as part of plan to launch a new service that aims to wipe out controversial payday loans.

Investors will from Monday be able to buy shares in Sir Richard Branson’s ambitious project to fly passengers into space after he completed a deal to make Virgin Galactic a public company.

A hedge fund based in New York has staked £70million on the controversial Cobham takeover getting the green light from the Government.

The founding family of Cobham may demand that a judge reviews the £4 billion takeover of the British defence firm if it is waved through by Business Secretary Andrea Leadsom.

Amazon is recruiting a small army of delivery drivers in a direct challenge toRoyal Mail.

Mothercare has brought in restructuring experts from accountancy giant KPMG, raising concerns for the future of its 79 stores and 2,500 staff.

Royal Bank of Scotland's latest legal battle will begin today, in a trial which will see its former restructuring boss questioned in court for the first time.

LVMH, the French group behind the likes of Louis Vuitton and Christian Dior, has confirmed it has made an approach to buy iconic US jeweller Tiffany & Co in a deal reportedly worth $14.5billion (£11.3billion).

Sir Rocco Forte, one of Britain's best known businessmen, has donated £100,000 to the Conservative Party to back Boris Johnson in an election.

Private club and hotels owner Soho House has raised $100m (£78m) to help fund its expansion around the globe.

Aston Martin suffered the day's biggest reversal following a fierce downgrade from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

Neil Woodford and his business partner raked in almost £20m last year as cracks started to appear in their investment empire.

Shares in Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic soared as it made its stock market debut in New York.

Boots saw sales fall over the summer amid 'challenging' conditions on the High Street.

The owner of luxury brands Louis Vuitton, Dior and Givenchy said it was in 'preliminary discussions' about the possible deal but there was 'no assurance' one would be struck.

HSBC's interim boss has announced plans to shake up the bank after a dismal performance over the summer.

The low oil price and hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico combined to form a deadly cocktail for oil giantBPas the company revealed net income had dropped by nearly 40 per cent.

Businesses taking out new loans are being saddled with the highest interest rates in a decade as banks become more wary about lending ahead of Brexit.

Profits at BP tumbled by 40 per cent as the oil super-major was hammered by tropical storms and lower prices.

A Labour government under Jeremy Corbyn would damage UK-Middle East relations and torpedo post-Brexit trade deals, consultants claim.

Marks & Spencer has launched a new 'slimmer, sharper, more stylish' range for men who dress casually at work.

The FTSE 350's biggest loser yesterday was Royal Mail, after JP Morgan Cazenove analysts sounded the alarm over industrial action.

Boeing has been accused of supplying 'flying coffins' by US lawmakers, in a grilling over the deadly 737 Max 8 plane crashes.

Another accountant at Big Four firm Deloitte has been fined over the audit of Serco during the outsourcer's electronic tagging scandal.

Publisher Bloomsbury is pinning its hopes on new releases such as an illustrated Harry Potter book and a healthy lifestyle offering from chef Tom Kerridge to boost sales this Christmas.

Millions of older savers who do not use the internet are being abandoned by some banks and building societies.

The auditor of clothes and homeware-seller Shop Direct has warned over the retailer's ability to continue trading.

The UK unit of Spain's Santander took a major hit from the PPI mis-selling scandal as profits dipped in the first nine months of the year.

Passport and banknote maker De La Rue has issued a second profit warning in five months.

Shares in De La Rue dived after the banknote and passport printer issued its second profit warning in five months.

Sky has extended its broadcasting deal with the US network behind hit TV show Game of Thrones.

Whether they are household names or small independent businesses, British shops are facing major challenges.

Next continued to weather the storm on the High Street after an online boost offset a fall in store customers.

A ferocious mortgage war among Britain's banks has eaten into Santander's profits.

The proposed mega-merger between the French owner of Peugeot and Vauxhall, and Italian rival Fiat Chrysler has fuelled fresh fears about the future of Ellesmere Port's plant.

Apple last night predicted a £70bn Christmas bonanza as its watches and Airpod headphones flew off the shelves.

Shares in GlaxoSmithKline touched a six-year high after booming demand for its shingles vaccine prompted the drugs giant to hike profit forecasts.

The boss of Lloyds Bank said he is 'disappointed' after a large PPI claims bill hit its third-quarter profits.

Billionaire businessman Mike Ashley faced a tougher year in 2018, as his personal holding company revealed that pre-tax profit fell nearly 80 per cent.

New data has shown that the number of individual insolvencies between July and September was at the highest quarterly level seen for eight years.

A summer of strike action has landed British Airways owner IAG with a £134m bill so far.

Boeing is facing a fresh crisis after Qantas grounded one of its 737 NG planes after it found a crack near the wing.

The compensation bill for the PPI scandal spiralled by £76m a day over the summer as Britain's biggest banks were swamped with a late rush in complaints.

Carpetright almost halved in value after revealing it is in talks with its biggest creditor about a possible cut-price takeover offer.

Bosses at Sirius Minerals are under mounting pressure to outline their plans for the potash miner after a self-imposed deadline passed without an update.

Estee Lauder has cut its profit forecasts as protests in Hong Kong and a slowdown in China hit business.

Mike Ashley splashed millions of pounds on travel by helicopter and private jet as his company's profits plunged by 80 per cent, accounts have revealed.

BT's boss repeatedly refused to rule out cutting its prized dividend to fund investment in broadband.

The pound has enjoyed its best month in a decade as Britain heads towards a general election.

The mass protests that have engulfed the city of Hong Kong have now helped tip the city's economy into recession.

Security software firmSynecticsfound itself thrown off the top deck this week after the bankruptcy of the maker of the 'Boris bus' sent profits tumbling.

Thomas Cook could return as an online-only travel agent as part of an £11m sale to the Chinese owner of Club Med.

Ministers have been urged to cut business rates in half and hike the rate of VAT in a bid to save the High Street.

These days Metro Bank's shares seem to be as easily moved by rumours and reports as they are by actual company news.

Two women have entered the banking industry's top ranks, as they started their tenures at heavyweight institutions.

Clintons will hold talks with landlords next week to discuss store closures and rent cuts.

Apple has declared war on Netflix with the launch of a rival service.

The US firm trying to buy Cobham has offered to put Britons in charge of all sensitive UK Government contracts in its latest effort to get the £4bn deal over the line.

Saudi Arabia has fired the starting gun on what will be the world's biggest float after receiving a thumbs-up from regulators.

Chinese industrials group Jingye has been tipped as the surprise frontrunner in the race to buy British Steel.

Sky is to create 1,000 jobs amid growing demand for its latest TV technology.

Ryanair raked in £7.7million a day in extra charges from its passengers over the summer holidays.

Shares on Wall Street hit a record high last night amid hopes that the US and China are closing in on a trade deal.

Former Thomas Cook bosses and Government ministers have been slammed by MPs for the travel operator’s collapse.

The FTSE 100 closed up 18.39 points at 7388.08 and the pound was at $1.29 against the dollar.

Primark hailed itself a retail 'success story' today as it bucked the High Street gloom with surging profits.

A recent merger between two wool companies poses 'serious competition concerns for carpet manufacturers' across the country, according to the UK's competition watchdog.

Shares in Trainlineskidded lower after the cost of the travel booking firm’s stock market float pushed it £89million into the red.

Primark owner Associated British Foods was the Footsie’s top riser – despite releasing a mixed bag of results.

The chairman of Mothercare took on a second job just weeks before the British high street chain collapsed.

The £4billion sale of British defence group Cobham has hit a bump in the road after the Business Secretary said she needed more time to scrutinise the takeover.

The American owner of chemist chain Boots is considering a blockbuster deal to go private, it was claimed last night.

The boss of Boeing is set to waive a multi-million pound bonus following two crashes of 737 Max planes which killed 346 people.

The FTSE 100 closed up 8.57 points at 7396.65 and the pound was at $1.29 against the dollar.

The Bank of England has slashed its economic growth forecast for 2021 from 2.3 per cent to 1.8 per cent after it modelled the consequences of the global slowdown and Boris Johnson's Brexit deal for the first time.

German car giant BMW has reported its net profit increased by 11.5 per cent from a year ago to €1.6billion (£1.3billion) in the third quarter.

The Chinese owner of struggling restaurant chain Pizza Express is pumping an extra £80million into the business, which is laden with a mountainous £1.1billion debt pile.

Virgin Media's three million mobile phone customers will be using the Vodafone network from 2021 after the companies agreed to a five-year deal.

Housebuilder Redrow has suffered a shareholder revolt over pay and the controversial choice of its new chairman.

Veteran fund manager Nichola Pease has taken up the prestigious post of chairman at FTSE 250 investment firm Jupiter.

More than £1billion was wiped off the value of BT after it was snubbed by Virgin Media in favour of Vodafone.

Bankers, lawyers and other advisers will pocket more than £280million in a fees bonanza if the London Stock Exchange’s £22billion takeover of data group Refinitiv goes ahead.

The bosses of Mothercare were paid £560,000 in bonuses months before the business went bust.

Clarks shoe chain has warned that it will close more stores after losses more than doubled.

Marks & Spencer's 300,000 private shareholders were hit with more woe yesterday as profits plunged and the dividend was slashed.

HousebuilderBovis Homeshas penned a more than £1billion deal for Galliford Try's residential building business, it said this morning.

Two leading financial trade associations have called for European trading hours to be cut to improve workers' mental health.

Attempts by Persimmon to improve the quality of its homes have eaten into sales.

Superdry founder Julian Dunkerton insisted his first six months back in charge of the business amounted to a 'reset' despite a fall in sales.

Supermarkets are gearing up for a Christmas price war as the big four battle to fight off the German discounters.

On the seafront at Whitby, Seventies disco music from the children's rides mingles with the melancholy cries of the gulls.

Making an early push into the US gambling market is reaping rewards for Paddy Power and Betfair owner Flutter Entertainment.

ITV has entered the video streaming wars by launching a UK rival to Netflix.

Royal Mail is gearing up to go to court in a bid to block potential strikes by postal workers during the general election and the crucial Christmas period.

British Airways ownerInternational Consolidated Airlines Group(IAG) has scaled back its forecasts for airline capacity over the next three years as it posted a rise in passenger numbers last month.

Cancer drug developerFaron Pharmahas been on a tear, with the share price up 350 per cent in the year to date.

Games Workshop has seen its shares jump higher after telling investors that sales and profits are set to surge for the first of the year.

Shares inGames Workshopjumped to a record high as investors cheered the prospect of higher revenues and profits.

Ireland's first female whiskey entrepreneur has launched a £6,500 bottle as the industry surges worldwide.

A top stock picker at Invesco has come out fighting after analysts drew comparisons between his fund and the failed investment empire of Neil Woodford.

The chief executive ofStandard Charteredhas finally agreed to halve his pension allowance following an investor revolt.

WH Smithchief executive Carl Cowling has been handed £1.8million of shares just a week after taking the top job.

 Briggs, 53, will join the FTSE 100 firm in January and take over as chief executive in March when Clive Bannister, who has held the job since 2011, stands down.

Investors in Burberry will find out just how fashionable Riccardo Tisci’s new range is on Thursday.

Ian Stuart, the boss of HSBC in the UK, is reminiscing about one of his finest moments as a banker – and it’s a surprising choice.

Gift retailer NotOnTheHighStreet.com is embroiled in a row with the founder of fashion brand Joules after telling a string of suppliers to stop listing products on his company’s website.

A theatre production company which counts the Duchess of York as a director has called in fraud investigators to probe a botched £7.5 million fundraise in China.

Chinese industrial giant Jingye has stepped up its pursuit of British Steel by registering a UK subsidiary.

Sainsbury's has been accused in court of reneging on a £7million deal to build a new store.

Marks & Spencer has quietly shelved its Classic womenswear label to bring an end to its ‘confusing’ stable of brands.

Hey big spender.

Barclays has introduced gender-neutral lavatories in its offices in London’s Canary Wharf, India and New Jersey.

Chinese industrial giant Jingye has snapped up British Steel, potentially saving 4,000 jobs, the Insolvency Service has confirmed.

Private equity suitors are circling troubled banknote maker De La Rue as they prepare to pick off its more promising businesses.

It's full steam ahead for the rescue of Titanic manufacturer Harland & Wolff as its buyer prepares to tap investors for £6million.

Oil titan Saudi Aramco will offer just 0.5 per cent of its shares to individual investors when it floats.

After falling more than 1 per cent at some point today, the FTSE 100 rebounded a bit to close down 0.4 per cent, or 30.84 points, at 7,328.54.

Greggs shares shot up more than 15 per cent after the sausage roll specialist revealed rising sales in its fourth quarter and raised full-year profit forecasts.

Boots's owner has received a £55bn buyout proposal – a deal that if completed would be the largest ever debt-fuelled transaction.

Reform of the business rates system must be at the top of a new government's list of priorities in order to save the High Street, the retailers' trade association has demanded.

The battle over Just Eat has intensified after one of the suitors lowered the bar on its hostile takeover offer.

Sirius Minerals is looking to raise £470m to build the next stage of its sprawling potash mine under the North York Moors.

Innis & Gunn has announced plans to secure a major cash injection to drive plans for a brewery in Edinburgh.

Uber's scandal-hit co-founder Travis Kalanick sold £425m of stock at the first available opportunity since the firm went public.

A recovery could be on the way for Aston Martin, according to HSBC.

Greggs has raised its profits forecast for the fourth time this year – sending its valuation soaring to over £2 billion.

Vodafone has warned that the end of a long-running court battle with authorities in India could lead to the telecoms giant quitting the country.

Discount retailer B&M continues to see rising sales in the UK, but profits have tumbled 70 per cent as things at its German business are not going well, with the division now under strategic review.

The 'big four' supermarkets have seen a relatively slow start to the crucial festive period despite shoppers already spending £17million on mince pies and £3million on Christmas puddings, figures show.

Banking app Revolut has appointed City grandee Martin Gilbert as its non-executive chairman as the company seeks to strengthen its senior leadership and expand into new markets.

A fall in Ocado's stock has wiped more than £79million off co-founder Tim Steiner's share-holding.

Dozens of the UK's biggest companies have been named and shamed for having all- male boards or just a single 'token' female director.

The chairman of FTSE 250-listed IT group Softcat has offloaded another £12.3million of stock – taking his share sales so far this year to more than £36million.

Land Securities posted a £147million first-half loss as the crisis on the High Street battered the value of its properties.

The 'big four' supermarkets are facing a tough Christmas after their sales fell again over the autumn – while Co-op and the German discounters soared.

Online ticket seller Trainline hit the buffers after a group of investors, led by the US private equity group KKR, cashed out.

The boss of fashion firm New Look has claimed the High Street is facing its toughest period in his lifetime.

Britain's sweet tooth set Mr Kipling-maker Premier Foods on the road to recovery in the first half, with cake sales rising 8 per cent.

The FTSE 100 closed down 14.23 points at 7351.21 and the pound was at $1.28 against the dollar.

Blustery weather across the UK in the last three months has put the wind in the sails of SSE's boss Alistair Phillips-Davies, whose company generated more electricity than expected from its wind turbines.

Unilever's chairman Dr Marijn Dekkers will step down from his position with immediate effect a year after he U-turned on a decision to axe the company's London headquarters in favour of Rotterdam.

Meadowhall owner British Land saw almost £600million slashed from the value of its retail property portfolio as it was struck by the current turmoil facing UK retailers.

Beancounter KPMG has become the latest City giant to chastise its staff over their unhygienic bathroom behaviour.

Housebuilder Taylor Wimpey is on course for a £610million payout to shareholders despite tough market conditions.

Luxury handbag maker Mulberry has sunk deeper into the red as fewer shoppers visited its UK stores and it refused to slash its prices.

Investors in haulier Eddie Stobart Logistics are facing a massive loss, as private equity firm Dbay Advisors has tabled a rescue bid which would slash the company’s value.

Investors trapped in Neil Woodford's failed £3billion fund could lose as much as 43 per cent of any money they have left, according to a leaked report.

Elon Musk's Tesla has chosen Germany for its European 'giga-factory' after branding the UK too risky because of Brexit.

Ministers have handed £18million to a coalition led by Rolls-Royce to design mini nuclear power stations.

A banking 'revolution' that encourages customers to share their details in the hope of getting better deals has been hit by fraud attacks from the beginning, experts have warned.

It is not enough to just strike oil these days – it also has to be the right kind.

Burberry's sales dropped sharply in Hong Kong in the first six months of the year, as protests continue to rock the city state.

The FTSE 100 closed down 58.45 points at 7292.76 and the pound was at $1.29 against the dollar.

Card Factory has launched a 'festive families photocard' service inspired by the likes of the Kardashians as it looks to offset tough high street conditions.

More bus passengers paid with contactless and mobile apps rather than cash on FirstGroup's local bus routes for the first time in its history, the company has revealed.

Retail sales grew at their slowest pace since April 2018 in the three months to October, new official data shows.

The boss of pub group Young's has launched a scathing attack on Jeremy Corbyn, warning a Labour victory in next month's election would 'crucify' the economy.

Troubled Eddie Stobart last night hammered out a rescue deal with private equity firm Dbay.

There were calls last night for G4S to be thrown out of a leading ethical share index after it was blacklisted by Norway's state-backed wealth fund over human rights concerns.

First Group flopped as troubles with its US bus business sent the travel group much deeper into the red.

National Grid will escape regulatory fines over power outages that plunged nearly 1m homes into darkness, the company said.

The number of newly-created homes in England has hit its highest level in nearly 30 years, according to government figures.

Business publishing and events group Bonhill was hit by a profit warning this week as the ongoing civil unrest in Hong Kong and weakness in the UK's fund management industry weighed on its second half performance.

Almost 6,000 Lloyds shareholders who claim they were 'mugged' by the bank's takeover of HBOS at the height of the financial crisis have suffered a High Court defeat.

Almost £1.6billion was wiped off the value of the UK's three biggest telecoms companies after Labour's latest nationalisation pledge.

Chic guitarist Nile Rodgers joined music investment business Hipgnosis to celebrate the company's latest round of fundraising.

An Oscar-winning visual effects company known for its work on Hollywood films Blade Runner 2049, Inception and Sky Atlantic TV series Chernobyl has pulled its planned listing on the London Stock Exchange.

The number of contactless card payments has soared in the last 12 months, fuelling fears that Britain is 'sleepwalking' towards a cashless society.

Kierwas given a bloody nose as investors staged a major revolt over executive pay.

American  prosecutors have requested the extradition of British technology entrepreneur Mike Lynch to face fraud charges.

Tens of thousands of jobs are at risk from Labour’s radical plans to nationalise parts of BT and give away free broadband.

Denise Coates, billionaire boss of Bet365, earns more in 30 minutes than the average worker at her family’s catering business does in an entire year, it can be revealed.

Huntsman, the Savile Row tailor owned by Belgian hedge fund manager Pierre Lagrange, lost more than £10million last year as it embarked on a turnaround.

A former senior adviser to US President Donald Trump is warning the UK Government against allowing a Chinese industrial giant to take control of British Steel.

This is make or break week for Andy Palmer as the Aston Martin chief executive unveils his secret weapon: the company’s first SUV.

Royal Mailcould receive a £30million windfall from theGeneral Electionas the increasingly bitter battle between the political parties continues to escalate.

Britain's dwindling energy reserves have received a major boost with the biggest onshore oil and gas discovery for more than 40 years.

Amazon could become embroiled in a legal challenge over unpaid tax on billions of pounds of products.

Every week we give the low-down on the value of forgotten treasures that may be gathering dust at home.

A growing second-hand books business is set to be put up for sale by its private equity owner.

Accounting firm EY has been raking in £1million a week running British Steel since it collapsed, it has emerged.

Saudi Aramco will seek a blockbuster £1.3trillion valuation in its stock market debut, putting it on course for the world's biggest float.

The Spanish owner of TSB refused to co-operate with a probe into the bank's IT meltdown, it has been claimed.

It is about as far removed from the hustle and bustle of the City as you can get.

A senior Spanish executive at TSB will be blamed for poor judgment in a 300-page report into the IT fiasco at the bank that led to almost 2m customers being locked out of their accounts last year.

Boodles has reported record sales thanks to demand for a new range of diamond rings and necklaces.

Insurer Aviva's decision not to sell its operations in Singapore and China was met with scepticism from the City.

Fresh fears have been raised over Britain's steel industry after Tata Steel Europe said it plans to cut thousands of jobs.

Britons will spend an average of £567 each this Christmas, more than any other European country, figures suggest.

A Labour government under Jeremy Corbyn would be worse for Britain than crashing out of the EU without a deal, business leaders have warned.

Easyjet will today unveil a package holiday business – just weeks after Thomas Cook went bust.

EasyJet has shaken up the air travel business with a pledge to offset the carbon emissions from the fuel of all of its flights by planting trees and investing in green energy.

There is an inherent problem with IPOs.

Boris Johnson's Government has moved a step closer to waving through the £4billion private equity takeover of Cobham.

Aston Martin launched its £158,000 SUV today – hoping the vehicle will revive its fortunes after a disastrous stock market float last year.

Easyjet has raked in almost £1.4billion from extra charges over the past year after introducing 'surge pricing', which ramps up the cost of booking a seat during busy periods.

G4S could be booted out of a leading ethical index as soon as next month after it was blacklisted by Norway's state wealth fund for its human rights track record.

Shares in home repairs and insurance provider Homeserve touched a record high after the company told investors it expects to make more money this year.

TK Maxx has bucked the malaise on the High Street with a 6 per cent rise in sales.

TSB'S chairman said sorry to customers for last year's huge IT meltdown after a report into the fiasco was published yesterday.

The hospitality industry has joined calls for a root and branch reform of business rates to halt an avalanche of closures.

A swish Mayfair club owned by KPMG could be sold to a Japanese technology group.

Tonic maker Fever-Tree has lost a bit of its fizz as it cut its sales expectations for the year, blaming a slowdown in consumer spending in the UK.

The former Marks & Spencer high-flyer who was sacked after the 'jeansgate' fiasco has found a new job as chief executive of Costa Coffee.

The boss of airline Emirates praised eco activist Greta Thunberg as he said the industry is 'not doing enough' to tackle climate change.

The chief executive of Babcock has warned the firm is a takeover target and could be the next defence group to fall into private equity hands.

The boss of housebuilder Taylor Wimpey has denied he plans to leave the company after selling nearly £4million worth of stock.

Rebel shareholders are preparing to go to court in an extraordinary attempt to block the £4.7billion private equity takeover of British satellite telecommunications company Inmarsat.

A blue-chip fund manager has been fined £2million and accused of treating thousands of ordinary savers with contempt after overcharging them for almost five years while waiving fees for corporate clients.

The vast majority of British households are not planning to tighten the purse strings this Christmas, a survey has found, despite the ongoing Brexit uncertainty and gloomy retail sales predictions.

The family business that bought Thomas Cook’s High Street stores after the tour operator collapsed in September is to take on 1,500 new staff to help run them.

American toy-making giant Hasbro faces a two-month probe into its £3.3billion takeover of Peppa Pig owner Entertainment One.

The UK's economic growth prospects have improved despite an increasingly gloomy global backdrop, claims a global think tank.

Shares in British American Tobacco lit up after US authorities U-turned on plans to dramatically cut the level of nicotine in cigarettes.

Gaming revenue in William Hill's High Street shops fell more than a third due to changes in the law on fixed-odds betting terminals.

Wetherspoons shareholders gave their backing to founder Tim Martin yesterday after they were advised to vote him off the board.

Famous US department store chain Macy's has issued its second profit warning of the year as it braces for a difficult Christmas.

Nationwide's statutory profit fell by 40 per cent from £516million to £309million in the six months to 30 September.

Marks & Spencer has poached a Tesco executive to run its troubled clothing department.

BHP's boss, who leaves at the end of the year, has received shares worth almost £5.1million at their current value, in what many in the City will see as a 'golden goodbye'.

Shares in industrial thread maker Coats Group plunged into the red after it warned sales flagged between July and October.

Victoria's Secret has cancelled its annual fashion show following criticism it was outdated and sexist.

British businesses are suffering their worst month since the immediate aftermath of the Brexit referendum more than three years ago, data has revealed.

Land Securities has appointed a chief executive a week after plunging into the red.

International jewellery firms are vying for a stake in a historic Welsh gold mine that has supplied the precious metal for three generations of Royal wedding rings.

Ocado could soon launch a rapid response delivery service in the US to take on fast-growing rivals such as Uber Eats and American technology start-up Takeoff.

TSB will target struggling families and launch a drive to sell loans as it shifts its focus away from wealthier, middle-class customers, The Mail on Sunday can reveal.

New brand, same old issues.

The private equity owner of in-store music company Imagesound is preparing to put the firm up for sale.

A former Thomas Cook chief executive has slammed chairman Frank Meysman for seemingly ignoring his requests for a donation to workers who have lost their livelihoods.

Companies that spend on innovation should get a boost under Conservative plans to increase tax breaks on research and development (R&D) projects.

Boris Johnson has vowed to better protect customers, suppliers and taxpayers from disasters like the collapse of Thomas Cook.

French luxury firm LVMH has agreed to purchase iconic New York jeweler Tiffany & Co for $16.2billion, adding the iconic New York jeweler to its slate of top-tier brands including Louis Vuitton and Dior.

The former boss of WH Smith has received a £3.4million farewell pay packet Stephen Clarke has been handed the bumper wage by the retailer for the past year after driving shares higher.

Unilever has insisted that PG Tips is not for sale.

Future's boss is in line for a bonus worth more than £18million.

Europe's richest man has added Tiffany to his vast luxury goods empire after snapping up the famous jeweller for £12.5billion.

British Airways-owner International Airlines Group (IAG) was in favour as investors welcomed a pay deal with its pilots' union.

Wincanton has abandoned efforts to buy troubled rival Eddie Stobart.

Shares in De La Rue tumbled more than 20 per cent after the banknote printing company cast doubts over its future, suspended its dividend and announced plans to accelerate its restructuring amid growing debts.

Citi's UK wing has been fined a record £44million by the Bank of England for 'serious and widespread' failure to submit complete and accurate returns, which meant regulators did not have a full picture of the health of the banking giant.

Savers are being encouraged to start saving for next Christmas now, with festive accounts for 2020 already on offer.

Sterling lost ground after opinion polls showed the Conservative Party's lead over Labour is narrowing.

Shaftesbury has seen its property empire hit by turmoil on the High Street.

Eddie Stobart's former boss has launched a rescue bid for the company in an attempt to hijack a proposal by Dbay Advisors.

Luxury stocks have suffered as shoppers worldwide rein in their spending – and diamond sellers have been some of the hardest hit.

Around £2.5billion was wiped off Compass Group’s value yesterday after it warned it will cut jobs amid tougher trading in Europe.

A former executive at Royal Bank of Scotland has been forced out of his job in Australia amid a child exploitation scandal.

The FTSE 100 closed up 26.64 points at 7429.78 and the pound was at $1.29 against the dollar.

Sofa chain ScS has seen order numbers decline in the past four months with sales remaining under pressure amid the Brexit deadlock and in the run up to the election.

The boss of pub giant Marston's, Ralph Findlay, said he believes punters will be driven into pubs this Christmas as they look to 'escape' the turbulent political backdrop.

After a disastrous first year on the stock market, Aston Martin was starting to look like a firm only the most diehard petrolheads would want to invest in.

An intervention by Donald Trump’s White House at a court showdown next week could help to clinch Inmarsat’s £4.7billion bid to go private.

Natwest owner Royal Bank of Scotland has launched a new digital bank, Bo, to fend off start-up rivals such as Monzo and Starling.

A conman who persuaded friends and family to plough £3million into a bogus investment scheme has been ordered to pay back almost £300,000 to his victims – or face another two and a half years in jail.

Lloyds Banking Group is set to slash its boss's pay by £228,000 amid criticism of its generous executive pensions policy.

Shares in magazine publisher Future plunged yesterday after bosses sold stock worth £44million.

Four High Street chains put out the 'for sale' signs yesterday.

Port Talbot steel plant owner Tata plans to cut 1,000 UK jobs in a shake-up of European operations.

Shares in Virgin Money have jumped over 22 per cent after the group posted better than expected figures and showed shoots of growth.

Influential City investors have put pressure on 15 major companies, including Royal Mail and Just Eat, to improve workers' pay.

Hobby specialist Hornby is beginning to see the light at the end of the tunnel after enduring several years under poor management.

Controversial lender Amigo is hiring more call centre staff to chase struggling borrowers after a surge in the number of people falling behind on repayments.

Quindell investors have kicked off legal proceedings against the insurance group over claims it misled the stock market about its financial health.

Fortnum & Mason's new Hong Kong store sold half as much as expected in its first week due to anti-democracy protests.

The lobby group behind a 'cringeworthy' advert to lure financial workers from the City to Frankfurt has been forced to admit it has not been a success.

Bumps in the road in Go-Ahead Group's regional bus business tarnished an otherwise positive trading update.

As a veteran of many a budget and manifesto, I can testify to one big truth: it is always the small print that catches out successive Chancellors of the Exchequer and party leaders.

Ocado's share price rocketed 10 per cent in early trading on Friday after the online supermarket signed a multi-million pound deal with one of Japan's biggest retailers, Aeon.

An athleisure company started by a teenager and his friends has appointed advisers to help raise more than £100million.

Wealth managerSt James's Placehas been rocked this year by allegations of forgery, mis-selling, lavish staff spending and is facing a legal case brought by former footballers.

Hedge funds are ramping up their bets thatCineworldshares will nosedive as it battles high debts, slowing admissions and rising competition from the likes of Netflix.

Ocadoshares jumped nearly 10 per cent after it struck a deal with a Japanese supermarket, boosting founder Tim Steiner's fortune by more than £32million.

Neil Woodford's embattled former protege has been snubbed in a management shake-up at asset manager Invesco.

Npower's German owner is axing up to 4,500 jobs and scrapping the brand in a major shake-up of Britain's energy market.

The US has requested the extradition of British tech entrepreneur Mike Lynch on fraud charges that could see him jailed for up to 20 years.

Outgoing Bank of England governor Mark Carney has been appointed the United Nations' special envoy for climate action and finance.

Bovis Homes is bracing for an investor backlash over plans to hand bonuses to bosses of up to 200 per cent of their salary.

Six of the biggest US tech companies have dodged paying more than $100billion (£77billion) of corporation tax since 2010, a major study has claimed.

Ted Baker shares hit a ten-year low after a fresh crisis engulfed the struggling fashion chain.

Online supermarket Ocado surprised the City yesterday by announcing plans to raise £500m through a bond offering to fund its rapid expansion.

The battle for control of Eddie Stobart has pitted the son of its founder against his former brother-in-law.

One of Just Eat's leading investors has said it will only consider a hostile bid for the food delivery business if the offer is raised by nearly £1.5 billion.

Shopkeepers may be overpaying £1.4bn in business rates, in another crippling blow to the High Street.

Millions of savers with cash tied up in utilities, telecoms and banks risk being 'crushed' if a Labour government is elected, according to analysts.

The BT chief executive's £8m pay package could be slashed in a major overhaul.

The success of blockbusters like Joker and Frozen 2 were not enough for Cineworld, which warned full year revenues were likely to come in lower than expected.

A long-standing backer of Metro Bank has dumped £11.6m worth of shares in the lender after a year of heavy losses.

A property tycoon has been forced to hand over the keys to his £50million London mansion as part of an extraordinary £190million settlement with organised crime investigators.

Glencore has been 'shocked to the core' by a spate of deaths at its mines and is ramping up efforts to improve safety.

Sky is to build a mammoth TV and film studios complex in the UK as it takes on streaming giants Netflix and Amazon.

TSB has been forced to admit it will miss its own gender balance target to have around half of its senior jobs held by women by 2020.

Black Friday helped John Lewis record its best ever week of sales.

Bosses at Centamin have snubbed a £1.5billion merger bid from Canada's Endeavour Mining, as the latest wave of deal-making in the gold industry reached London.

Shares are back in the red today as trade tensions continue to rattle markets.

Advertising giant M&C Saatchi has warned over profits for the second time in three months after being hit by higher costs and a weak performance in the final quarter.

The owner of one of Britain's largest private hotel owner-operators has warned that the Labour Party's planned tax rises on corporations and high earners risks driving businesses out of Britain.

The new boss of Google owner Alphabet takes the reins as the tech giant faces an unprecedented 'minefield' of threats, analysts warned last night.

Thousands of investors in Britain's biggest commercial property fund have been blocked from accessing their money – triggering fears that other funds will follow suit.

John and Irene Hays, the couple from Sunderland who rescued Thomas Cook, are the acceptable faces of capitalism.

The City toasted Stock Spirits after demand for its vodka in Poland helped to lift revenues across the group by 9 per cent to £261m last year.

The tycoons behind M&C Saatchi had more than £11m wiped off their fortunes as an accounting fiasco sent shares in the advertising agency plummeting dramatically.

Fashion retailer Quiz revealed disappointing sales for the six months to September and warned of store closures.

Sterling surged again versus the dollar and euro today as investors continued to bet on an outright Conservative victory in the General Election.

Metro Bank's chief executive will bow out at the end of the year following a 'challenging period'.

Dwindling sales, slumping profits, and axed dividends are the sort of phrases we have become accustomed to seeing when reading about retailers at the moment.

AJ Bell has posted record profits this year, a year after the broker and online trader became a publicly traded company.

DMGT shares rose 5 per cent today as it revealed a jump in revenue at MailOnline, while the Daily Mail and Mail on Sunday newspapers grew their market share.

American buyout firm Blackstone is believed to be considering making an offer worth up to £4billion for university housing provider IQ Student Accommodation.

British property funds have lost nearly £5billion this year as the crisis on the High Street hammered shop valuations and triggered an exodus of investors.

Boohoo's founders have sold 50m shares worth £142.5million to cash in on a 75 per cent rise this year.

Dunelm shares rocketed by 20 per cent as the home furnishings retailer proved it's not all doom and gloom on the High Street.

Embattled trucking firm Eddie Stobart is facing a key shareholder vote on its future today as it struggles with bank debts of £200million.

Eddie Stobart shareholders have approved a £55million rescue sale in a bid to secure the future of its 6,500 employees.

A ban stopping China's Huawei from supplying kit for Britain's 5G mobile network would cost firms more than £1billion and lead to price rises for customers, experts have warned.

The £1.3billion takeover of Britain's biggest pubs firm by the company which owns Slug & Lettuce could push up drink prices, a watchdog has warned.

Britain's longest-running rail franchise comes to an end tonight after more than 22 years, as Virgin Trains operates its final service.

Eddie Stobart will survive the busy Christmas period after a rescue deal was backed by shareholders – saving 6,500 jobs.

John Lewis has been accused of moving call centre jobs to the Philippines as it looks to save £100m a year.

Investors in housebuilder Berkeley took a slump in profits and sales in their stride.

High street giant Marks & Spencer is paving the way for an historic overhaul of its flagship Marble Arch store as part of a major plan to downsize some of its biggest shops.

The tycoon spearheading the £1.5billion hostile bid for London-listed miner Centamin is under investigation for corruption, The Mail on Sunday can reveal.

M&C Saatchi chairman Jeremy Sinclair last night said its bosses have a 'deep confidence' in the beleaguered advertising firm after they bought £1million of new shares.

Julian Dunkerton’s achievement in wrestling back control ofSuperdry, the brand he co-founded in 2003, was nothing short of heroic earlier this year.

Doddle is in talks with the US Postal Service and major retailers about deals that could help the UK parcel firm break America.

A British mining firm backed by Canadian billionaire Eric Sprott will list in London this week, with plans to build Bosnia’s biggest mines.

A Hong Kong hedge fund secretly built up the biggest ever short position in the UK by taking huge bets againstPremier Oil shares.

The Financial Conduct Authority is monitoring funds invested in Neil Woodford’s Equity Income fund to prevent the liquidity crisis spreading.

Companies have given up on the ‘most dispiriting and disappointing’ General Election campaign in living memory, a major business leader said yesterday.

Hundreds of pensioners are preparing a legal fight over an alleged scam after investors lost £230million when a parking firm collapsed.

Tesco shares climbed in early trading after it confirmed it was considering selling its Thai and Malaysian businesses after an approach by an unnamed buyer.

The incoming chief executive of BP sold £7.8million of shares in the firm before his appointment was announced publicly.

Dutch investment firm Prosus has sprinkled an extra £200million on top of its offer for takeaway delivery appJust Eat.

Amazon has claimed President Trump put pressure on the Pentagon to deny it a valuable contract because he has a 'personal vendetta' against Jeff Bezos.

The amount of fines handed out by the financial watchdog has soared to a four-year high in the past 12 months.

Nervous investors pulled out almost £100million from property funds in just two days after the suspension of the UK’s biggest commercial property fund, it has emerged.

Elon Musk turned heads as he took Tesla’s new Cybertruck for a spin – and hit a traffic bollard.

G4S will find out today if it has been removed from a leading ethical stock market index after it was blacklisted by Norway’s state investment fund over human rights concerns.

Marks & Spencer started the week with a bang as it was bestowed a rare double upgrade from analysts at Goldman Sachs.

Lloyds is to re-open compensation claims to customers who were victims of a fraud scheme perpetrated by the HBOS Reading branch - which plundered £1bn from small firms to fund sex parties, superyachts and lavish holidays.

Fresh turbulence has hit Rolls-Royce after its largest shareholder quit the board.

Music investment fund Hipgnosis has snapped up the rights to a back catalogue of songs by British indie rock band the Kaiser Chiefs.

A Labour peer has saved online fashion retailer Koovs from collapse after buying it when it went into administration.

The boss of data firm Kantar has announced his shock resignation almost a year after he was stabbed.

Four businessmen arrested over the London Capital & Finance savings scandal are said to have pocketed almost £20million in the run-up to its collapse.

JD Wetherspoon will create up to 10,000 new jobs as it invests more than £200million in pubs and hotels over the next four years.

The future of Four Seasons was thrown further into doubt last night as the crisis-hit care provider was forced to hand nearly 60 homes to rivals.

Embattled advertising firm M&C Saatchi was last night reeling from the shock resignations of four directors, including one of its founders.

The Big Four supermarkets have had their worst run into Christmas for 15 years, according to the latest market data.

Lloyds Bank boss Antonio Horta-Osorio faced embarrassment yesterday over his handling of the HBOS Reading fraud scandal.

Saudi Arabian oil company Aramco has become the largest listed company in the world after it completed its long awaited float of shares on the Saudi stock market.

Partners at accountancy firm KPMG were paid less than their counterparts at rivals after a year of turmoil.

The brother-and-sister team that set up Stagecoach is vacating the driving seat after the transport group showed declining revenues in the last six months.

Fears of a hung parliament are stalking financial markets after a key index of UK-focused firms slipped yesterday.

The departures of co-founder Maurice Saatchi, House of Cards author Lord Dobbs and two other directors sent M&C Saatchi into reverse.

The housing market has been put 'on hold' by the General Election, according to a report published today.

Amazon's bid to buy a stake in takeaway firm Deliveroo is in doubt after the competition watchdog threatened to launch a full-scale investigation.

British motorbike maker Triumph has reported a boost in sales and profits after expanding into China.

Mark Barnett, the former protege of fallen fund manager Neil Woodford, has been fired from running a £1.1billion investment trust.

The FTSE-100 closed up 57.22 points at 7273.47 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

Online supermarket Ocado said it has seen a surge in customers searching for vegan and gluten-free Christmas options as it reported a jump in sales.

Fuller's can look forward to celebrating its 175th birthday next year, as half-year pre-tax profits soared to £176.2million.

The battle for Just Eat could be settled through an auction.

Aberdeen Standard Investments is about to take on the beleaguered Woodford Income Focus fund, two months after it was suspended.

PZ Cussons is to part with its long-serving chief executive after warning that profit and revenue fell in the first half of the financial year.

Ocado has claimed its tie-up with Marks & Spencer will deliver cheaper and better food than what it had been supplied by Waitrose.

Mike Lynch was accused of telling 'lie after lie' in court yesterday as the £4billion Autonomy fraud trial neared a dramatic conclusion.

Election nights are the kind of occasion when political aficionados plonk themselves in front of the TV and go online to Just Eat for some take-out food.

Serco is poised to pay its first dividend since 2014 after the outsourcer's UK operations returned to growth.

An American hedge fund boss has been forced to pay around £4.5million to Sotheby's after it sold a 17th century painting for him that has been deemed a fake.

Property funds have seen the biggest weekly exodus since the Brexit vote more than three years ago, as investors fear they will be blocked from getting access to their money.

Saudi Aramco was valued at $2 trillion (£1.5 trillion) yesterday as shares surged during its second day of trading.

All eyes in Britain might have been on the General Election yesterday, but stock markets worldwide were buoyed by the US president's latest musings on the trade war with China.

The FTSE 100 closed up 79.97 points at 7353.44 and the pound was at $1.33 against the dollar, as traders absorbed news of the decisive Tory election win.

Investors, businesses and City insiders woke up to a thumping Conservative win this morning, with the threat of nationalisation and socialism under a Corbyn Government nothing more than a bad dream.

Sir Philip Green's Arcadia Group has struck a £310million deal to remortgage the company's flagship Topshop and Topman store on Oxford Street in London.

Boris Johnson's Government will face its first test on foreign takeovers next week when the Business Secretary makes the final decision on Cobham's future.

Housebuilders, banks and utility companies led the charge yesterday as Boris Johnson’s emphatic election victory inspired a dramatic stock market fightback.

The chairman of M&C Saatchi could be replaced after the advertising group was rocked by a £12million accounting scandal and the departure of four board members.

Aston Martinshares faced fresh turbulence after it admitted it is talking to a range of potential investors about raising more money.

An aggressive activist hedge fund has raised its stake inTed Bakerdays after the ailing retailer put out a profit warning.

Bosses at beleaguered advertising groupM&C Saatchiwant to appoint four new board members by next month after bringing in a top City headhunter.

It's hard to know what Jeremy Corbyn might be more upset by – that Boris Johnson secured a hefty majority on Thursday or the thought that City bankers cashed in the following day as share prices soared.

Bankers and other advisers are poised to make as much as £156million from the £5billion bidding battle that has broken out over takeaway company Just Eat.

Marks & Spencer has raided rival Sainsbury's to fill a key role at its food division as it prepares to further ramp up its ambitions.

The Labour peer behind collapsed fashion firm Koovs made tens of millions of pounds by selling his other company on the same day that thousands of small Koovs shareholders were wiped out.

Boris Johnson faces an industrial crisis within days of his election triumph after the fate of British Steel was again called into question.

The owner of Caffe Nero is poised to open 80 new outlets next year.

The Cobham founding family has urged ministers to halt the £4billion sale of the company in a last-ditch appeal.

The FTSE 100 has soared 2.25 per cent or 165.61 points to 7519.05 on news ofa US-China trade deal.

Cineworld has unveiled plans to become the biggest cinema chain in North America by buying Canada's largest operator.

British business output fell at its fastest rate in more than three years as the country prepared to go to the polls, preliminary data from a closely watched measure shows.

US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer has said the first phase of a China trade deal designed to reduce tariffs and boost exports to the Asian giant is 'totally done.'

The Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) has said borrowing could go up by an extra £20billion per year over the course of the next parliament in a revision to its March forecast.

First Group has announced the appointment of advisers to formally look into selling its US assets following pressure from shareholders.

Property tycoon Nick Candy has bumped up his stake in a trendy chain of London gyms.

Two former Serco directors have been charged with fraud and false accounting over its electronic tagging scandal.

Energy provider iSupply will pay £1.5million after it overcharged thousands of customers for their energy and kept it from regulator, Ofgem.

Among the big undeclared losers from overseas takeovers are Britain’s taxpayers.

Water firms have been hit with the toughest crackdown on profits and dividends since they were privatised under Margaret Thatcher 30 years ago.

Dove and Vaseline owners Unilever says trading challenges in multiple international  markets mean sales growth both this year and next will be lower than expected.

NMC Health's value plunged by around £1.4bn today after it was targeted by a US short-selling firm which accused the company of mismanagement and manipulating its balance sheet.

Britain's second largest housebuilder has been told a poor culture led it to build bad-quality and unsafe homes.

Not so long ago, children around the country would have been eagerly awaiting a box of Scalextric, or perhaps a model train set, on Christmas morning.

The BBC and ITV face a challenge to their dominance of local television news as Sky plots a move into the market.

The housing tycoon behind Berkeley Group cashed in on the 'Boris bounce' by selling £50.5m worth of shares.

Muddy Waters, the hedge fund which attacked AIM darling Burford Capital this year, has turned its attention to the FTSE 100.

Education groupPearsonunveiled a £530million deal to sell its remaining stake in book publisher Penguin Random House as it announced the retirement of chief executive John Fallon.

The FTSE 100 closed up 15.47 points at 7540.75 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

Two of the world's largest car companies, Fiat Chrysler and Peugeot have agreed a merger that will make it the fourth-largest automobile maker in the world.

The tycoon behind the investment platform AJ Bell has cashed out £23.1million from his company.

A struggling luxury yacht manufacturer based in Southampton is embarking on a multi-million-pound turnaround plan.

Car bosses have been urged to provide 'watertight assurances' over the future of 5,600 staff in the UK following the £38billion mega-merger between PSA Group and Fiat Chrysler.

When you step inside Jarndyce Antiquarian Booksellers, it looks as though Charles Dickens might materialise at any moment from behind one of the tall shelves.

The financial services watchdog has extended its investigation into the collapse of package holiday giant Thomas Cook.

A businessmanhas been banned from being a company director for seven years after his firm made 21m nuisance calls.

When we think 'organic food', our minds automatically switch to the idea of someone in a loose, calico smock wearing Birkenstock sandals and wittering on about climate change.

Bidders for Just Eat have increased their offers as a deadline to secure a takeover of the food delivery giant edges closer.

Two of NMC Health's top bosses have had £750million wiped off their fortunes this week as its shares have slumped.

The High Street has endured its longest losing streak since records began in 1996, figures have shown.

Goldman Sachs is on the verge of striking a £1.5billion settlement with US authorities over its role in a Malaysian corruption scandal, according to reports.

Anglo-Dutch oil giantShellhas said it expects to be hit by an impairment charge of up to $2.3billion (£1.8 billion) for the year.

Trinidad-focused oil and gas explorerTouchstonegot an early Christmas present this week as gas flows from a new onshore well 'greatly exceeded' its expectations.

Just Eatbosses stuck to their guns yesterday and urged shareholders to back a merger with Takeaway.com instead of a rival bid.

The outgoing chief executive of Domino's Pizza Group cashed in 948,000 shares on Wednesday – worth more than £3million at today's prices.

Fortnum & Mason is expecting a record Christmas this year thanks to a 'Boris boost' for traditional fare.

The competition watchdog will investigate the takeover of a Worcestershire-based aerospace group amid fears China could gain access to sensitive military equipment.

The race is on at the City watchdog to find a replacement for Andrew Bailey who was appointed governor of the Bank of England yesterday.

Britain's largest grocers are cutting prices to the bone in a tense festive stand-off with shoppers that has left stores facing a Christmas ‘bloodbath’.

Online greeting card company Moonpig has hit sales of £100million following a surge in demand for its personalised post.

All airline industry eyes will be trained on Dublin tomorrow when the Irish High Court is due to rule on a bitter legal spat between Michael O’Leary’s Ryanair and easyJet.

Billionaire Brexit backer Peter Hargreaves has made £10million from a fund he set up to hold his vast wealth.

A boardroom bust-up has broken out at Aviva after its chief executive backtracked on a plan to split the insurer into two.

Bosses’ confidence in the outlook for Britain’s economy over the next year jumped sharply after the election, a survey reveals.

Boeing's plan for a second multi-million-pound factory in the UK could be put on ice as the crisis surrounding its 737 Max jet intensifies.

Cobham has revealed a series of promises made by its private equity suitor that led to the Government waiving through its £4billion takeover.

A scandal rocking the staid world of Swiss banking has taken a new twist after Credit Suisse admitted a second individual had been spied on.

Boeing has finally sacked chief executive Dennis Muilenburg as it scrambles to rebuild its reputation after two deadly crashes under his watch killed 346 people.

The latest Star Wars blockbuster has notched up £288million at the box office, including just under £21million in the UK.

Lloyd's of London has been forced to submit to extra checks by the Bank of England after admitting its whistleblowing helpline was not available to staff for almost a year and a half.

Private hospital group NMC Health gave its share price a booster jab yesterday after it opened an independent review to examine claims made by an aggressive short-seller.

Boardroom bosses at Cobham could be in line for around £10million from share awards after the Government cleared the £4billion takeover of the British defence giant.

The incoming Governor of the Bank of England has heaped pressure on Google to crack down on investment scams which are marketed online.

The pound was sitting just under $1.30 as markets hit the Christmas break, while the FTSE 250 rose 137 points to 21,981, its highest ever level.

US stocks hit record highs last night in an end-of-year rally.

American jeweller Tiffany has revealed a rise in sales just weeks after it was bought by France’s LVMH for £12.5billion.

The crisis on the High Street will last into 2020 as shops try to fight rising costs and the move online, experts have warned.

The boss of a major cinema chain has blamed Netflix for disappointing box office takings from one of this year's most anticipated films.

Uber co-founder Travis Kalanick has quit the taxi app’s board after selling most of his shares.

The British job market shows signs of weakening next year after reaching record highs, according to analysis from the Resolution Foundation think tank.

The number of visitors to shops during the Boxing Day sales fell despite a late burst of bargain hunting.

The new boss of John Lewis has been handed a gong in the New Year Honours as she prepares to take over at the troubled department store chain.

Incoming Bank of England governor Andrew Bailey is under pressure to complete an investigation into the near collapse of banking giant HBOS more than a decade ago.

The company behind the Williams Formula One team has sold its engineering arm to a private equity fund run by an old friend of Cabinet minister Michael Gove.

Two London-listed companies are still grappling with the fallout from attacks by the aggressive US hedge fund Muddy Waters.

The Big Four accountants have set aside more than £160million as they brace for a barrage of fines and legal battles in the coming year.

More than 3,000 people filed their tax returns on Christmas Day, figures from HM Revenue and Customs have revealed.

A surge in Britons splashing out on posh meals for their dogs and cats has prompted the owners of two pet food brands to seek buyers for their flourishing businesses.

Britain's largest office cleaning company has been sold for £490million to South African giant Bidvest.

Digital bank Monzo is in talks with large investors about raising another multi-million pound sum that will be likely to make it one of Britain’s largest fintech start-ups.

Britain's economy is set to grow by less than 2 per cent next year and house price rises could take up to six months to kick in, analysis by The Mail on Sunday shows.

Takeovers in the City dried up in 2019 as political turmoil deterred firms looking at risky tie-ups with UK companies, data shows.

Two bosses of Jeremy Corbyn’s energy supplier have stepped down from the board amid a probe into their conduct.

Hedge funds are tracking the private jets used by City bosses for clues on giant takeovers and bidding wars in the pipeline that could push up share prices.

Itsu, the Asian-inspired fast-food chain, will more than double in size over the next five years by opening 100 outlets across the UK and abroad, The Mail on Sunday can reveal.

HSBC is plotting an overhaul that could see up to 10,000 jobs axed.

Daughters sending their mothers flowers helped business boom at Bloom & Wild this year.

The boss of Smiths Group is poised to leave the company after it spins off its £2billion medical arm, it has been claimed.

Bank of England Governor Mark Carney has urged pension fund managers to wake up to climate change to stop their investments from becoming worthless.

Bosses at Lloyds Bank have raked in £1.2million after selling shares when the stock market opened after Christmas.

Around £33trillion could be wiped off the value of global stock markets because of climate change, according to one of Britain's largest fund managers.

Drugs companyAstraZenecarounded off a stellar decade as it announced its lynparza ovarian cancer treatment has now been granted approval in the US to treat pancreatic cancer.

Staff at a spectacles factory in Thailand have scammed Essilor Luxottica out of up to £162million.

The Chinese rescuer of British Steel is in a stand-off with suppliers as more than 24,000 jobs hang in the balance.

Mobile payments platform Bango has seen its shares fall by eight per cent in early trading despite strong revenue growth after it announced failure to close new supply deals.

America’s technology titans added £1.2trillion to their market values in 2019 as their seemingly unstoppable rise continued.

The Santa rally well and truly ran out of steam for the FTSE 100 on the last day of 2019.

Five years after being accused by MPs of ruining Christmas following the collapse of courier City Link, veteran investor Jon Moulton is readying to bag a multi-million pound windfall.

The FTSE 100 index could smash through the 8000 mark for the first time this year, according to stock market experts.

The Bank of England's outgoing boss Mark Carney spent nearly £100,000 on a summer bash for staff in his last Governors' Day party.

The Co-op is aiming to cash in on customers making New Year's resolutions to go vegan, by launching a range of plant- based products.

Pressing the rewind button on the past decade is a useful reminder of how quickly things change and how unpredictable the economy – and life – can be.

Britain's love of star-studded shows sent profits soaring to a record high at the largest pantomime producer.

Google is to end its use of a tax loophole which is estimated to have saved US companies hundreds of billions of dollars.

Hundreds of bank branches are set to close this year as lenders seek to shift their customers online.

Stock markets began the new decade in buoyant mood, with a sea of green on traders’ screens.

London's leading tobacco firms lit up the stock market after US authorities announced a less extreme crackdown on e-cigarettes than they had been expecting.

The new chief executive of Topps Tiles has been awarded shares worth around £461,000 at today’s prices.

A colourful City figure has been revealed as a major shareholder in struggling doorstep lender Non-Standard Finance (NSF).

Sky is planning to create thousands of jobs this year as it beefs up its production arm and expands its operations.

Next has emerged as a Christmas winner as an online sales boom boosted its profits.

Debenhams faces a make-or-break year as it begins a massive programme of store closures.

Gold had a good year in 2019.

What's going on behind the scenes at Quilter?

With the start of a new year, Hinesh Patel, portfolio manager at Quilter Investors, takes a look at the five charts that tell the business and investment story of 2019.

City tycoon Michael Spencer has been made chairman of the Centre For Policy Studies.

Banks and financial services paid a record £75.5billion in taxes last year, figures have revealed.

A judge has been urged to dismiss 'manufactured' fraud claims against Mike Lynch as the British tech tycoon's trial comes to a close.

British security services have dismissed fears that the London Stock Exchange was hit by a cyber attack during the summer.

Starling Bank is planning to become the UK's first digital-only lender to be listed on the stock market.

Hornby products flew off the shelves over Christmas after it released a swathe of new toys and models.

While most people hope a new year will bring a fresh start, NMC Health is stuck knee-deep in a crisis that blew up in 2019.

Former Sun and News Of The World editor Rebekah Brooks is joining the board of a listed company for the first time.

At least nine chief executives in the FTSE 100 index will leave their jobs in 2020 as blue chip firms shake up their top teams.

The FTSE 100 closed down 1.49 points at 7573.85 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

Nervous investors have piled into gold, sending its price soaring to the highest level in almost seven years.

Morrisonshas reported falling sales over the crucial festive season amid challenging trading conditions and shopper uncertainty.

Rolls-Royce's new Cullinan vehicle helped to push sales at the high-end car firm up by 25 per cent last year.

Premier Oil is facing a public showdown with its largest creditor over plans to refinance and go on a North Sea acquisition spree.

Veteran investor Terry Smith has bagged a bumper payday of up to £87million.

Legal action against litigation funder Burford Capital over allegations of irregular accounting practices has been withdrawn.

The upmarket fashion chain Hobbs, which counts the Duchess of Cambridge as a fan, has returned to the black.

Aston Martin shares have plunged more than 75 per cent below their float price after the car maker issued yet another profit warning.

Sainsbury'shas revealed it saw lower sales over the Christmas quarter as a tough toy market's toll on Argos offset growth in its core groceries business.

The FTSE 100 closed up 1.08 points at 7574.93 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

Thousands of savers who backed the UK's biggest mining project face huge losses after it became a takeover target.

The British boss of McDonald's who was sacked over an affair with an employee is being accused of overseeing a 'ruthless purge' of African-American staff.

Pressure has mounted on Boots boss Seb James after dire autumn trading figures.

British companies including BT, National Grid and banks are on high alert as they brace for possible cyber attacks from Iran.

Private hospital operator NMC Health and Travelex owner Finablr suffered a bruising day after major investors sold a bucketload of shares.

Shops suffered their worst year in at least a quarter of a century as sales fell for the first time.

The boss of the investment industry's trade body has been slammed for failing to take action on the fees savers are charged by fat cat fund managers.

The FTSE 100 closed up 23.19 points at 7598.12 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

Marks & Spencer sold almost £700million more food in the run-up to Christmas than clothing and homeware, it revealed today.

Poor performance in Central Europe and Asia saw Tesco's sales fall over the Christmas period despite the supermarket enjoying its biggest day of food sales in Britain in its 100-year history on 23 December.

Home furnishings retailer Dunelm has posted a six per cent growth in revenue for the first six months of the financial year.

Savers should brace themselves for more misery after outgoing Bank of England Governor Mark Carney hinted a further interest rate cut could be on the cards.

The British steel industry has suffered another blow today after Liberty Steel announced that it would cut hundreds of steel jobs in South Yorkshire and Newport, Wales.

Tescobemoaned 'subdued' consumer spending as it eked out a 0.1 per cent rise in UK sales over Christmas.

A US investment giant which specialises in offering cheap tracker funds has been given permission to offer investment advice in the UK.

Shares in Marks & Spencer fell sharply after it admitted that it failed to sell as many mince pies and skinny jeans as expected over Christmas.

Airbus is plotting to expand in the UK after MPs backed Boris Johnson's EU withdrawal deal that swept away some of the uncertainty over Brexit.

The second profit warning in three months walloped shares in building materials supplier SIG and wiped around £150million off the company’s value.

The crisis engulfing John Lewis lays bare the task facing retail novice Dame Sharon White as she prepares to take over the 156-year-old chain.

Willie Walsh is stepping down as chief executive of British Airways owner International Airlines Group after 15 years at the top.

Card Factory's boss Karen Hubbard bought thousands of shares in the struggling retailer after a profit warning wiped off a quarter of the company's value.

Dixons Carphone has been fined £500,000 by the data watchdog after hackers harvested the card details and personal information of millions of customers.

Investors in Neil Woodford's flagship fund face an extra 10-day wait for their first payout as administrators try to help them cash out.

Budget airline Ryanair has raised its profit forecast for the financial year after recording higher bookings over the Christmas period.

Jouleshas blamed online stock shortages and supply chain problems for a drop in sales over the festive period, joining a lengthy list of retailers left devoid of Christmas cheer.

Selfridges has successfully joined the companies cashing in on the vegan trend as its sales grew in the crucial Christmas trading period.

The decline in Brexit uncertainty has helped business confidence among chief financial officers (CFOs) to its steepest rise since the survey began 11 years ago, according to Deloitte.

The City watchdog is under fire for allowing Neil Woodford and his business partner to cream off £14million from fees charged to savers, months before their investment empire crumbled.

Lidl piled pressure on the Big Four supermarkets as it emerged as the fastest-growing grocer over Christmas.

One of the most brutal takeover battles of the last 12 months ended yesterday as Takeaway.com finally won the right to buy rivalJust Eatin a £5.9billion deal.

Aston Martin shares picked up speed after reports that China's Geely is eyeing an investment in the stricken luxury car maker.

Superdry has warned annual profits could be wiped out entirely after it suffered a dismal Christmas.

Virgin Money’s chief executive could see his pay rocket to £5.1million in 2020, putting him on a par with the highest-paid bank bosses in Britain.

A financial trading technology company has moved its headquarters from New York to London in a boost for Britain.

Insurance tycoon Peter Cullum is in talks with some of the most powerful private equity firms about a possible £800million takeover of Lloyd's of London broker Global Risk Partners.

A former executive of a long established British shipping company has been fined £45,000 by the City watchdog for failing to disclose share trades.

One of the Duchess of Cambridge's favourite frock designers, Alice Temperley, is promising to turn around her firm despite huge debts and the revelation that it has had to raise more cash.

The Japanese drugs giant which bought Shire last year is facing a £340million tax demand from the Irish authorities.

Beleaguered private healthcare giantNMC Healthis preparing to take legal action after a short-selling attack on the FTSE 100 firm wiped £2.6billion off its value, The Mail on Sunday can reveal.

Former directors at bust Government contractor Carillion face a 'judgment day' over the implosion of the firm two years ago this week.

Rag trade billionaire Philip Day is stepping up investment in his stable of British 'heritage' brands with flash new West End headquarters and a flagship store for his prized Jaeger fashion chain.

John Lewis is on track to deliver a profit slump after the exit of its department store boss and dismal trading figures, City sources say.

It's that time of the year again when City scribblers get their crystal balls out and test out their skills predicting takeovers.

Struggling airline Flybe is seeking emergency funding to prevent it from collapsing.

A flurry of high-profile stock market listings are expected to bombard the City this year as investors’ enthusiasm rebounds.

Shares in Tesla breached $500 (£385) for the first time after it made record deliveries and pushed into China.

Property bosses have predicted the market will bounce back this year as the shape of Britain's exit from the EU becomes clearer.

Borrowing the title of Johnny Nash's 1972 hit, City broker Peel Hunt yesterday provided an upbeat commentary on housebuilders.

Google’s parent company was poised last night to become the fourth tech group to reach a market value of $1trillion.

Virgin Atlantic founder Sir Richard Branson was last night facing a backlash amid fears he and fellow investors could pull the plug on Flybe less than a year after coming to its rescue.

Sir Terry Leahy generally tries to steer clear of the limelight.

The FTSE 100 closed up 4.75 points at 7622.35 and the pound was at $1.30 against the dollar.

Online fashion retailerBoohooenjoyed 'record' results in the final four months of last year and has upped its performance forecasts, throwing its ailing bricks-and-mortar based counterparts into the shade.

Key figures in the world of Scotch whisky are travelling to the US to hold crunch talks with policymakers amid fears the Trump administration could hike tariffs on imports of single malts even higher.

The former Persimmon boss ousted over his 'obscene' £82m bonus yesterday claimed to have set up a charitable trust - but kept its activities shrouded in secrecy.

Glaxosmithkline is well advanced in developing a suite of vaccines which will guard against respiratory viruses in children and lung diseases in adults – part of a pipeline of 17 ground-breaking treatments.

Canadian gold miner Endeavour has abandoned plans for a £1.5billion merger with FTSE 250-listed Centamin.

JP Morgan has posted the highest annual profit of any US bank in history.

A builder and his wife could rake in millions from dividends after a North Sea oil company said it would start handing cash back to shareholders.

The world's largest asset manager has sought to position itself as a climate change champion after announcing a raft of changes to its investment strategy.

Games Workshop shares jumped to a record high as the company posted a bumper set of half-year profits.

The former boss of Stobart Group who took the company to court in a fiery boardroom battle has dumped his 5 per cent stake in the firm.

A director who was arrested in relation to the London Capital & Finance (LCF) scandal has been accused by a judge of manipulating his company's accounts.

Taylor Wimpey cheered 'increased political stability' in the UK following last month's General Election as it posted a rise in sales.

The uncovering of an elaborate scam sent shares in AIM-listed Lekoil crashing to an all-time low.

The FTSE 100 closed up 20.45 points at 7642.80 and the pound was at $1.30 against the dollar.

The former Persimmon boss ousted over his 'obscene' £82m bonus yesterday claimed to have set up a charitable trust - but kept its activities shrouded in secrecy.

Fashion chainQuizhas seen its share price fall sharply after becoming the latest casualty of sluggish sales over Christmas.

Luxury cinema chain Everyman Media Group raked in record revenues and profits last year as film fans flocked to see hits such as Knives Out, Vice and Green Book.

Amazon has opened a new corporate base in Manchester as it continues to ramp up its presence in the North.

Greggs has joined forces with Just Eat as it prepares to expand its home delivery service nationwide following a successful trial.

The US and China moved a step closer to resolving their 18-month trade war after signing a preliminary ‘phase one’ agreement.

Profits at Blackrock, the world’s largest asset manager, shot up 40 per cent to £1billion in a year which saw assets under management climb £1.1trillion.

The British trader branded the 'Hound of Hounslow' for sparking a trillion-dollar stock market crash from his bedroom should be spared jail, American prosecutors have said.

Tullow Oil's shares are so easily rattled these days that a trading update with few real surprises sent it plunging into the red.

Legal costs relating to a Malaysian fraud scandal have weighed on Goldman Sachs' results.

Long-suffering savers are braced for a further hit to their nest eggs as pressure mounts on the Bank of England to cut interest rates.

Sales at upmarket grocer Booths rose over Christmas as it fought off intense competition from the German discounters.

Primark suffered a dip in same-store UK sales in the last quarter, its ownerAssociated British Foodsrevealed in a trading update today.

The FTSE 100 closed down 32.99 points at 7609.81 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

A company that claimed to represent Qatar's huge sovereign wealth fund may have been struck off at the time it allegedly duped a Nigerian oil firm, it has emerged.

The second-largest diamond ever discovered – thought to be worth around £38million – is to be turned into Louis Vuitton jewellery.

At first blush, there looks to be very little in common at FTSE 100 quoted firms ABF, Pearson and Whitbread.

Britain will become a 'country of ghost towns' unless High Street planning laws are reformed, a report has suggested.

Toyota has made a £300million bet on flying taxis.

Pearson is fighting for its place on the FTSE 100 after a bleak warning about its prospects sent shares tumbling.

The Works' boss has stepped down after nearly nine years at the helm – just two months after a shock profit warning sent its shares tumbling.

The rally on Wall Street gained more steam last night as major US benchmarks hit record highs.

Booming sales of electric bikes in the run-up to Christmas have helped Halfords stick to its full-year profit guidance.

Demand for mince pies and Bisto gravy over Christmas helped Premier Foods to higher sales in the third quarter driving shares up by 2.4 per cent to 44p in early trading.

Falling fashion shopping saw high street sales decline by 0.6 per cent in December.

Junior oiler Lekoil was the major story on AIM this week with its value dropping by around two-thirds after falling victim to con artists posing as the Qatar Investment Authority (QIA).

The Gym Group has revealed membership numbers jumped 9.7 per cent in 2019.

The FTSE 100 closed up 64.75 points at 7674.56 and the pound was at $1.30 against the dollar.

Ladbrokes owner GVC Holdings has announced 'excellent' trading over 2019 despite the impact of new restrictions on fixed-odds betting terminals (FOBTs).

Dixons Carphone will update the market on its performance over the key Christmas period with a trading statement on Tuesday January 21.

The crisis engulfing the High Street intensified over Christmas and left retailers in their worst run since records began almost a quarter of a century ago.

The owner of Ladbrokes and Coral looks set to have raked in profits of nearly £2million a day last year.

Doctor Who and Peppa Pig toy makerCharacter Groupwarned that the second Christmas in a row of falling sales would hit full-year profits.

Aston Martinshares went back into reverse last night as rumours emerged that Chinese motoring group Geely is cooling on the idea of buying a stake in the James Bond car maker.

Flybe struck a deal with the taxman worth £10million as part of a rescue plan to keep it afloat.

Savers trapped in one of Neil Woodford's frozen funds will be allowed to access their cash again next month.

Is Italian tyre giant Pirelli plotting a €9billion (£7.7billion) merger with Finland's Nokian Tyres?

Billionaire Michael Spencer has placed a giant bet on a string of growing firms amid speculation he could join the House of Lords.

Soft drinks maker Britvic will overhaul its executive pay policy after being criticised for excessive bonuses ahead of its annual meeting.

One of Saudi Arabia's richest families has become a major shareholder in Burford Capital, the litigation funder under attack from American short seller Muddy Waters.

Hopes of a bumper year for City deals have been given a lift after it emerged that a slice of one of Britain's biggest bailiffs is on the verge of being sold to a private equity firm.

Struggling shopping centre owner Intu Properties is planning to raise as much as £1billion in cash as early as next month to tackle its £4.7billion debt pile.

A third of retailers were forced to put out profit warnings in 2019 in another punishing year for Britain’s high streets.

Capita is mulling the sale of a clutch of businesses as chief executive Jon Lewis ploughs ahead with a strategy to simplify the outsourcing giant.

The FTSE 100 closed down 23.12 points at 7651.44 and the pound was at $1.30 against the dollar.

Mining firm Anglo American has announced that it will step in to save Britain's largest mining project in decades, as it tabled a £405million bid to buy shares of Sirius Minerals.

Budget retailer Matalan is the latest high street store to reveal lower revenue and profit.

The focus of crop science on protecting plants from seed to harvest is changing as it faces environmental and regulatory challenges.

Defence giant BAE Systems has splashed out $2.2billion (£1.7billion) on a military global positioning systems and a tactical radio business.

BAE Systems has spent £1.7 billion on two defence businesses that will help it expand in the US.

Fever-Tree's value crashed £629m yesterday as it issued its second warning about sales within three months.

Sirius Minerals has warned investors it is likely to collapse within weeks unless they approve a £405m rescue deal from a mining giant.

It looked like much of the bad news had already been priced in when Intu Properties, owner of Trafford Centre and Newcastle's Eldon Square, went public with its desire to raise funds to shore up its rickety balance sheet.

Wetherspoon is cutting the price of ten drinks from January 31 to mark Britain's exit from the European Union.

One of Britain's oldest department store chains has crashed into administration after a bleak Christmas – putting more than 1,000 jobs at risk.

Three of Hollywood Bowl's top bosses have transferred stock worth £9m at current prices to their wives.

Executives around the world regard the UK as a 'beacon of relative stability' for their businesses.

The FTSE 100 closed down 40.74 points at 7610.70 and the pound was at $1.30 against the dollar.

Easyjet said it saw an increase in sales in the later part of last year as it gained business following the collapse of travel agent Thomas Cook.

The chief financial officer of BP, Brian Gilvary, has announced he is to retire from the company after eight years in his position.

Retail chain Joules has blamed a hit to its sales on the timing of Black Friday, less than two weeks after poor Christmas trading saw it warn over annual profits.

Sainsbury's is to lay off hundreds more managers as part of a half-billion pound cost-saving drive.

At some point on October 15, 2015, possibly in the dead of night while waiting for my then one-year-old to go back to sleep, two clicks on my mobile phone cost me £615.

Prudential has reassured customers waiting for pension payments that they will get their money after an IT glitch caused a backlog.

Bosses at Dixons Carphone were left red-faced yesterday after they were forced to issue a correction to its Christmas sales figures.

Sirius Minerals has launched an internal investigation after a senior worker was allegedly heard discussing the controversial takeover by Anglo American with a hotel barmaid before it was publicly announced.

TSB has become the latest bank to announce it will charge 40 per cent overdraft fees in a move that will cost nearly a third of customers more.

The Wuhan coronavirus cast its shadow over international equity markets as the first examples of human-to-human infection emerged.

Netflix piled on another 8.8m subscribers in the fourth quarter as the streaming platform braces for a flood of new rivals.

Sterling rallied yesterday as booming jobs figures slashed the chances of an interest-rate cut later this month.

Sainsbury'schief executive Mike Coupe is standing down and heading into retirement after six years in the role, the supermarket revealed.

Ted Bakerhas admitted it overstated the value of its stock by £58million, just over a month after claiming the figure was no more than £25million.

British apparel brand Burberry has updated its guidance for the year after it experienced a small rise in retail revenue last quarter.

The FTSE 100 closed down 38.78 points at 7571.92 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

Pets at Homegroomed over over 27,000 dogs in the week before Christmas, coining in cash from owners keen to get their pooches looking tip-top for the festive period.

Pub group JD Wetherspoon said it will spend £80million in the coming year on new pubs and refurbishments as the firm reported a 4.4 per cent increase in like-for-like sales in the 12 weeks to 19 January.

More than 150 shop worker jobs were lost every day last year as the bloodbath on Britain's high streets continued.

The boss of Sainsbury's has quit less than a year after he had to abandon his plan to merge the supermarket with Asda.

Builder Berkeley Group plans to almost double its shareholder payout to £1 billion over the next two years, bringing a £13m windfall for its founder and chairman.

The new boss of BP is plotting a major shake-up of the energy giant that will see it introduce tough new climate goals.

Sajid Javid has been handed a major boost ahead of his first Budget as Chancellor as a flurry of reports suggested the UK economy is rude health.

Tesla boss Elon Musk looks set for a pay bonanza after his firm became the first listed American car maker to be valued at more than $100 billion (£76 billion).

Ted Baker has lurched further into crisis after the size of its accounting scandal more than doubled – to £58m.

Xavier Rolet, the former chief executive of the London Stock Exchange, is standing down from his role at leading hedge fund CQS after little more than a year in the job.

The FTSE 100 closed down 64.25 points at 7507.67 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

Record Black Friday sales helped online fashion retailer Asos experience a 20 per cent boost in revenues over the four month period covering Christmas.

HousebuilderCountryside Propertieshas seen a surge in interest for new homes, the company revealed.

Birmingham based burger chain Handmade Burger Co has closed down its final 18 restaurants after years of financial struggle.

The £6billion takeover of Just Eat could be delayed because of a surprise competition probe by regulators.

Alison Rose is the first woman to be chief executive of a Big Four UK bank and the first to lead Royal Bank of Scotland since it was founded in 1727.

The Chinese company hoping to rescue British Steel has struck an agreement with trade unions as it scrambles to seal the takeover by the end of next month.

The Royal Bank of Scotland's first female chief executive is today launching a £1billion fund to support women entrepreneurs.

Black Friday turned out to be a red-letter day for Asos, which delivered strong trading figures that covered the make-or-break festive season.

Cat Rock Capital, a major investor in online take away company, Just Eat, has slammed the decision by the competition watchdog to launch a last minute probe of its planned merger with Takeaway.com.

Budget hotel chain EasyHotel has reported losses despite strong revenues as the company faced a major writedown on its new Ipswich hotel.

London's top share index surged 1.6 per cent on Friday after the World Health Organisation issued a measured assessment of the new coronavirus and fresh data showed the economy bouncing back from its slowdown.

Engineering giant Rolls-Royce says it hopes to have small modular reactors (SMRs) operating in the UK by the end of the decade.

Virgin Money has started looking for a new chairman after a major re-branding effort following its takeover by CYBG.

JP Morgan boss Jamie Dimon will be Wall Street's best-paid banking chief for a fifth year in a row after scooping £24.1million.

Ocado has backed down in a row over plans to open a major distribution hub next to a primary school.

Fever-Tree non-executive director Kevin Havelock has spent £300,000 on 21,600 shares in the tonic drink maker.

A music investment fund has snapped up the rights to number one Cher hit Believe along with other chart-topping songs.

On a strong day for the stock market, forex group Finablr stood out for all the wrong reasons.

Amazon is set to get millions of pounds in business rates back from a council after a row over one of its warehouses.

Department store chain House of Fraser owned by billionaire Mike Ashley – the self-proclaimed saviour of the high street – has come under fire for selling clothing bearing a logo displaying the wording `The Presidents Club MMXVIII'.

An Australian firm is eyeing Priory Group, the scandal-hit mental healthcare firm that has treated celebrities including supermodel Kate Moss.

The billionaire owners of The Ritz, Sir David and Sir Frederick Barclay, have injected £8million into its loss-making casino as they seek a buyer for one of the world's most famous hotels.

The iconic Woolworths name, once a familiar sight on British high streets and synonymous with pick 'n' mix, is set to be reborn this year as a car insurance company.

Burford Capital has been dragged into a legal row in the US in a further blow for the litigation financier as it battles short-sellers.

Private equity firms are circling the company behind Poundland after its South African owner decided to offload it through a flotation or sale.

Over-50s firm Saga has begun to break itself up after coming under pressure from the aggressive American hedge fund run by billionaire Wall Street financier Paul Singer.

Lloyds will be forced to set aside hundreds of millions of pounds in compensation for fraud victims when it reveals its annual profits next month.

Neil Woodford's Patient Capital Trust is no more, but it lives on as the Schroder UK Public Private Trust after the investment firm took on the disgraced fund manager's London-listed trust last month.

The FTSE 100 has closed down more than 2 per cent as markets began a new week after initial calm over the extent of the coronavirus outbreak in China gave way to heightened fears it could get much worse, and hit the Chinese economy hard in the process.

Financial markets went into a downward spiral on Monday as the fallout from the coronavirus accelerated.

A Ukrainian oligarch who owns one of London's most expensive properties has spent £170million on a sprawling estate on the French Riviera.

Funding Circle has lost its finance boss amid tough conditions in the peer-to-peer loans market.

The shine well and truly came off Petra Diamonds as it was hit by lower prices amid weak demand in China and political unrest in Hong Kong.

An exclusive Swiss rehabilitation centre which has treated some of Britain's wealthiest businessmen is launching in London.

Supermarkets are burnishing their green credentials as they battle to attract customers concerned about the environment.

Banks slashing rates and house hunters taking advantage of a buyer's market helped boost mortgage lending in December, despite uncertainty in the run-up to the election.

London has fallen further behind New York in the rankings of the world's top financial centres.

Former chancellor Philip Hammond has joined UK fintech firm Oaknorth to aid its growth plans.

Consumer goods manufacturerPZ Cussonssays 'challenging market conditions' have caused half-year revenues to decline by £9.5million.

Olivia Pratt may only be nine years old, but by squirrelling away birthday and Christmas gifts she has already amassed around £4,500 in savings.

Passengers face up to three decades of travel chaos if the High Speed 2 (HS2) project is scrapped, officials warn.

A bullish update put the fizz back into Irn-Bru maker AG Barr's shares.

THE group behind Moet & Chandon champagne, Louis Vuitton and Dior said it was 'cautiously confident' for 2020 as it hailed record sales of £45billion in 2019.

The pound drifted lower yesterday as subdued spending figures fuelled speculation that the Bank of England could cut rates tomorrow.

Airbus will pay an estimated £2.5billion in penalties to the UK, US and France to settle a long-running corruption probe.

The costs ofSantander'stransformation programme and PPI charges has caused annual UK profits at the firm to fall by 37 per cent.

If you want to invest in the world’s largest companies without doing the legwork yourself,Brunner Investment Trustmight just fit the bill.

Anti-virus software firm Avast fell as an investigation claimed the company had been selling sensitive customer data to huge companies such as Google, Microsoft and Pepsi.

The new owners of Cobham have started cutting jobs at the defence company.

Boeing swung to its first annual loss in more than two decades as the bill for tackling the 737 Max crisis ballooned.

Santander's profits in the UK fell by more than a third last year – piling pressure on chief executive Nathan Bostock.

Apple shares hit new records after the iPhone triumphantly returned to growth.

The billionaire owner of Victoria's Secret is set to sell the controversial brand and step aside from his retail empire.

BT's chief executive Philip Jansen said he welcomes the government's 'clarity' on 5G technology after Chinese telecoms giantHuaweiwas given the green light to be involved in the UK's 5G network.

Fresh fears about the growing severity of the coronavirus outbreak tore through global stock markets yesterday.

Avast's shares slumped for a third day after it said it will close the division at the centre of a data privacy scandal.

Jaguar Land Rover has kicked off another £1.1billion round of cost cutting as the car maker revealed its boss will stand down after almost a decade in the role.

A Formula 1 Canadian billionaire has saved Aston Martin from almost certain collapse as he leads a £500 million bailout of the troubled car maker.

Unilever boss Alan Jope said he was 'absolutely determined' to get the business growing again after it revealed a slump in annual profits.

Prudential has poached Santander's Shriti Vadera to become its first female chairman.

The family behind H&M was £1.1billion richer last night as they embarked on a major shake-up of how they run the fashion business.

Shares in Elon Musk's Tesla surged to record highs after the electric car maker said it expected to sell more than 500,000 cars this year.

Nearly £1.3billion was wiped off BT's value after it said restrictions on kit made by China's Huawei would cost it dearly.

Brexit uncertainty dragged total funds raised on AIM down 33 per cent in 2019, but analysts say the election has lifted market activity.

Aston Martinhas been saved from almost certain collapse by a £500million bailout package led by F1 billionaire Lawrence Stroll.

Amazon has stormed back into the $1trillion club after raking in sales of £30million per hour over Christmas.

France is threatening to block a rescue deal that would save British Steel from collapse.

More than £730million was wiped off the value of Hargreaves Lansdown as the Woodford scandal hung over the firm.

French Connectionshares plummeted after bosses admitted they had been unable to sell the fashion chain.

As fears over the spread of the lethal coronavirus hammered markets worldwide, shares in a London-listed biotechnology firm soared as it revealed it has developed a test for the disease.

Dame Sharon White faces a 'mammoth task' to breathe new life into the John Lewis Partnership when she becomes boss this week, according to industry experts.

One of Sirius Minerals' largest investors has urged the company to find an alternative rescue deal with just weeks remaining before it collapses.

Just one of the firms listed on the junior AIM market has a female boss, according to a new report from Link Group.

Tax campaigners have claimed Netflix should be paying corporation tax after hitting £1 billion in revenues in the UK.

Mike Ashley raised more than a few eyebrows across the City and the fashion world as he snapped up a 12.5 per cent stake in luxury fashion house Mulberry.

Britain's underwater engineering sector will create about 9,000 jobs by 2022, according to an industry body.

TSB's chairman has joined the board at rival bank Credit Suisse.

The value of the pound fell as Boris Johnson reignited concerns that Britain could leave the EU without a trade deal.

Burford Capital is at loggerheads with London Stock Exchange over a bid to unmask traders behind the alleged manipulation of its share price.

A German delivery group is building Europe's largest distribution centre in South Yorkshire.

British savers exposed to China's stock market are set for a rocky ride as the spread of the deadly coronavirus rattles financial markets around the world.

When Boris Johnson embarks upon post-Brexit trade negotiations in Brussels, his advisers may wish to slip a copy of Monday's Financial Times into his briefing notes.

A group of executives from the aviation industry have pledged to cut the sector's carbon emissions tonet zero by 2050.

The deadly coronavirus could slash global oil demand growth by 40 per cent this year, BP has warned.

The boss of Micro Focus is to leave the software company after a brutal year squeezed sales and wiped out profits.

Streaming giant Netflix has been accused of 'superhighway robbery' over its tax affairs.

Investors in Royal Mail face further reductions in their dividends, German bank Berenberg has warned.

Shares in Elon Musk's Tesla raced past the $900 mark for the first time last night, meaning shares have now doubled in value this year.

Online grocer Ocado is the UK's fastest-growing supermarket, while the 'Big Four' continue to suffer declines in sales.

Departing BP boss Bob Dudley has handed shareholders a £1.6billion farewell gift as he bowed out after a decade in charge of the oil giant.

Britain’s beleaguered builders enjoyed the biggest month-on-month improvement in their fortunes for nearly two years in the wake of the General Election.

Bosses at investment platform Hargreaves Lansdown have bagged share awards worth £2.3million, just days after savers in Neil Woodford's doomed fund learned the size of their losses.

A jump in the share price of miner Glencore has netted a £310million payday for the 'billionaire boys' club' of current and former executives who control around 21 per cent of the company.

A lack of retail experience at the top of the newly-emerging board at the John Lewis Partnership risks putting the group at a further 'disadvantage' in the cut-throat world world of department stores, a leading retail analyst has claimed.

More than £1.2billion was wiped off the value of Lambert & Butler cigarette maker Imperial Brands as a ban on flavoured vaping products by US regulators takes its toll.

Will Tesla be the most valuable company in the world, or is the extraordinary trajectory of its share price just 2020's version of Tulipmania?

Several British brands including struggling High Street chains Ted Baker and Joules could be hit with higher costs if the coronavirus outbreak is not contained by Easter.

Nine people were arrested after Greenpeace members temporarily shut BP’s London HQ.

British businesses clocked up their best month for more than a year in the wake of the election.

Further strike action atRoyal Mailthreatens to thwart the group's turnaround plans and increase the likelihood of its postal business making a loss next year.

Shares around the world rallied today, led by Hong Kong and Japan, after China said it would halve tariffs on $75billion worth of American imports, bringing much-needed relief to economies that have been harmed by the coronavirus outbreak.

Online package holiday firmOn the Beachsays it continues to enjoy an 'unprecedented opportunity' for growth following the demise of Thomas Cook last year.

John Lewis may be forced to shut stores and cut jobs to survive the 'most challenging period' in its history, the retail group's new boss has warned.

Ben Houchen, the youthful Conservative Mayor of Tees Valley, is nothing if not optimistic.

Royal Mail shares crashed to an all-time low as another row with unions threatened to derail its turnaround plan.

Twitter has posted its first $1 billion quarter, shrugging off fears of a slowdown in advertising.

Apple sold more watches than the entire Swiss watch industry last year.

Ryanair has boasted of being Europe's greenest airline – a day after being banned by the advertising watchdog for repeating this 'misleading' claim.

Thousands of businesses will spend up to four years locked in a battle to claw back millions of pounds in 'unfair' business rates, a report has claimed.

Stocks around the world climbed as the latest breakthrough in the US-China trade war and hopes a vaccine could be around the corner for the coronavirus boosted optimism on trading floors.

Novacytclimbed 21 per cent to 45p after flagging 'unprecedented interest' in its coronavirus test launched a week ago.

Warner Music Group, whose roster of artists include Ed Sheeran and Liam Gallagher, has said it is planning to become a publicly traded company.

Tidjane Thiam has quit as Credit Suisse chief executive after a spying scandal that has hit the reputation of one of Europe's largest banks and shocked Switzerland's financial community.

Burberry warned the coronavirus outbreak is hitting sales in China and it has shut more than a third of its stores.

Sirius Mineralsshareholders will decide its future in a make-or-break vote on March 3.

A global shipping group is being sued in the High Court after one of its 65,000-ton cruise liners ploughed into a tourist boat in a Venice canal last year.

Fund supermarket Hargreaves Lansdown took another blow as its founder Peter Hargreaves flogged £550million worth of shares.

One of the world's most high-profile bankers has quit in the wake of a spying scandal.

The accounting watchdog has been urged to investigate KPMG over a £58m accounting scandal at Ted Baker.

A long-serving insider at British Gas owner Centrica has emerged as the front-runner to take over from departing boss Iain Conn. Sarwjit Sambhi, 50, has been at the business for almost 20 years and currently runs its consumer arm.

Sirius Minerals bosses have held crunch talks with small shareholders as they desperately seek backing for a controversial £405million takeover of the company.

A Hong Kong property giant is set to join a £1billion fundraising by shopping centres ownerIntu, the latter has confirmed today following speculation over the weekend.

A majority of British employees say they have no influence in shaping the direction of their organisation, a new study finds.

The accounting watchdog has been urged to investigate KPMG over a £58m accounting scandal at Ted Baker.

Booming demand for yachts at home and abroad helped British boat-builders increase their annual revenues by 10 per cent.

Amazon is demanding witness testimony from President Trump on whether he ordered officials to 'screw' the company out of a lucrative government contract.

The global economy faces its worst quarter since the financial crisis as the coronavirus wipes more than £200billion off output worldwide, experts warned.

British cinemas boomed in January thanks to the success of Oscar-winning film 1917, a report has said.

Volvo is in talks to merge with Chinese company Geely by the end of this year.

Former ITV boss Adam Crozier has been made chairman of research firm Kantar.

HSBC's staff are suffering from sliding morale ahead of a strategy review which could involve swathes of job cuts.

Crisis-hit NMC Health started the week with a bang after it said it is considering takeover bids from private equity firms.

The blockbuster merger to create the world's largest gambling company 'is not a done deal' and could be blocked by the competition watchdog, analysts warned.

The £1.1billion takeover of razor brand Harry's has been ditched due to competition concerns.

Shares jumped higher today as markets defied the virus fears, apparently taking the view only China will be badly hit, and that central banks will step in with stimulus measures if the outbreak leads to a wider economic slowdown.

Former Goldman Sachs banker Eoin Tonge has joined Marks & Spencer as its new finance chief.

Ocado has reported bigger annual losses of £214million after a fire burned down one of its hi-tech warehouses in Andover a year ago.

Investors snapped up shares in British contractors after Boris Johnson gave HS2 the green light.

Amazon boss Jeff Bezos raked in £3.1billion from selling shares in just eight days, regulatory filings show.

Ocado will double the amount it is spending on robotic warehouses to £600million this year as it prepares to launch partnerships overseas.

Struggling fashion chain New Look has narrowed losses despite another fall in sales.

NMC Health has plunged deeper into crisis after a potential suitor denied an interest in the hospitals provider.

Homeware retailerDunelmhas significantly upped its annual profits after enjoying higher sales in the last six months.

Car giant Nissan has launched a £70million ($90million) lawsuit against its former chairman Carlos Ghosn.

BP'snew boss has announced radical plans to cut the oil firm's carbon footprint to 'net zero' by 2050 and 'fundamentally' reconfigure the business.

The growing scandal at NMC Health has left the FTSE 100 hospitals group battling for survival.

The annual showcase for the mobile phone industry was cancelled last night due to the coronavirus outbreak.

The outgoing boss of property giant Landsec will retire with full pockets after selling £1.1million of shares.

Andrew Bailey has hailed Brexit as a chance to restore the City's independence as he prepares to take the helm at the Bank of England.

Sky's new UK studios will be the most eco-friendly film and TV hub in the world, it claims.

Embattled defence contractor Babcock International suffered another setback as it trimmed its profits forecasts and told investors to brace for an £85million charge.

The FTSE 100 closed down 82.34 points at 7452.03 and the pound was at $1.30 against the dollar.

Barclays boss Jes Staley is under mounting pressure to step down after City watchdogs launched an investigation into his ties with billionaire paedophile Jeffrey Epstein.

Sajid Javid's shock resignation triggered a surge in the value of the pound as speculators gambled on his young successor ramping up public spending and cutting taxes.

London's energy giants were rocked by forecasts that the coronavirus outbreak will cut demand for oil for the first time since the financial crisis.

Haynes Publishing is to be bought by a French rival for £114.5million.

Workers at JCB are to go on a shorter week because of cuts in production due to anticipated component shortages from Chinese suppliers affected by the coronavirus outbreak.

The Credit Suisse boss ousted after a spying scandal has signed off with the bank's biggest profits haul in almost a decade.

The deputy boss of Barratt has sold £3.7million worth of shares in the firm.

Desperate Sirius Minerals shareholders have launched a last-ditch campaign to find an alternative to a £405million takeover deal that would leave many of them with virtually nothing.

Airbus plunged into the red last year following a thumping bribery settlement in three countries.

Troubles at car giant Nissan have continued to worsen as the Japanese firm recorded a massive fall in its profits.

Social media video producerBrave Bisongot a better look this week after its new male grooming show racked up 2million subscribers since launching on Snapchat in December.

Renault's profits were almost wiped out as it was dragged down by its ailing partner Nissan and a sales slump in China.

Royal Bank of Scotlandis changing its name to Natwest Group as it seeks to put its chequered past behind it.

Water companies have referred their regulator to the competition watchdog in a revolt against strict price controls.

The would-be boss ofHSBCis finalising plans to shake-up the bank – including cutting as many as 10,000 jobs.

Talks betweenSirius Mineralsand a group of financial investors to secure an alternative rescue deal have fallen through.

Faberge owner and gemstone minerGemfieldsreturned to the London Stock Exchange's junior market yesterday.

Astrazenecashares fell after it warned that the coronavirus epidemic will hit the business for 'up to a few months'.

Data released last week showed a fall in the amount invested in university spinouts.

Dove soap-owner Unilever has fired the starting gun on a review of its health and beauty business that could see it sell off under-performing brands.

Sirius Minerals investors have been urged to back Anglo American's £405m takeover by the Yorkshire mining project's local MP –and fellow shareholder.

Bank of England Governor Mark Carney could be questioned by MPs about a security breach that allowed traders to hijack a secret audio feed for financial gain.

British asset manager Jupiter Fund Management is closing in on a takeover of its smaller rival Merian Global Investors.

Japan's economy contracted by 6.3 per cent in the last quarter of 2019 after it was hit by a sharp fall in consumer spending and Typhoon Hagibis.

Footwear retailer Shoe Zone has warned it may have to shut down a fifth of its stores, equating to around 100, if the Government does not reform business rates.

Puffy sleeves, pie-crust collars, gathered skirts and pretty sprigged flower prints: in its 1980s heyday, Laura Ashley was a huge success.

Japan is teetering on the brink of recession after output shrank at the fastest pace for nearly six years.

Shares in biotechnology firm Novacyt rocketed to a record high after it launched a test for the coronavirus.

Disgraced NMC Health lurched deeper into turmoil after its billionaire founder quit the board.

The shine came off Petra Diamonds shares as it was rattled by lower diamond prices.

A French takeover of Bombardier's rail business could put British jobs at risk.

One of Britain's best-known fund managers and his key allies are about to share a windfall of up to £39m as Jupiter snaps up Merian Global Investors.

Moneybarn has paid more than £30m to customers after failing to treat them fairly when they fell behind on loan repayments.

Troubled chip-making minnow Nanoco has launched a legal battle against Samsung for allegedly stealing its technology.

British families are more confident about their finances than at any time since the financial crisis, according to a report.

The theatre marketing firm that promoted Hamilton and The Lion King saw its shares rise by nearly a third as it signalled strong results for 2019.

The 'billionaire boys' club' behind Glencore is set to rake in more than £400million in dividends – despite the mining giant posting its first loss in four years.

Apple, Jaguar Land Rover and the owner of Holiday Inn have become the latest businesses to spell out the impact of the deadly coronavirus.

Hopes that a bidding war could be brewing have sent Amigo soaring.

The stand-in boss of HSBC has announced plans to axe 35,000 jobs as he stepped up his bid to become chief executive.

Nissan shareholders have unleashed their anger at the Japanese car maker's management for crashing stock prices, zero dividends and quarterly losses after the scandal-ridden departure of former chairman Carlos Ghosn.

BHP'S new boss is pinning the miner's expansion on metals needed for eco-friendly technology amid growing pressure to go green.

One of Britain's largest price comparison websites has announced its chief executive is to step down.

A string of housebuilders hit record highs after HSBC tipped the sector as the latest winner from Boris Johnson's landslide election victory.

Laura Ashley has been granted a lifeline to stave off collapse.

The world economy faces an £850billion hit if the deadly coronavirus becomes a full-blown pandemic, experts have warned.

Self-made billionaires Mohsin and Zuber Issa have launched an audacious swoop to expand their petrol station empire.

Lurpak owner Arla Foods has seen profits rise as it was boosted by growth in the lactose-free market.

The hedge fund run by millionaire tycoon Crispin Odey has vowed to vote against Anglo American's takeover of Sirius Minerals.

Retailers have surprised gloomy forecasters by achieving modestly better than expected sales last month, new official data shows.

THE boss of Lloyds took a £2million pay cut last year amid mounting speculation that his days at the bank are numbered.

Factory orders hit a six-month high in February amid 'early signs' of a turnaround.

BAE Systems' boss brushed aside concerns about the future impact of a multi-billion-pound deal to sell fighter jets to Saudi Arabia.

Conflicted accountants are blocking thousands of clients from reclaiming significant sums of money from Swiss banks, it has been claimed.

Anglo American has defended its £405million bid for struggling Yorkshire potash miner Sirius Minerals as it faces a mounting backlash over the takeover.

Smith & Nephew investors shrugged off warnings about the impact of coronavirus as revenues surged at the hip-and-knee replacement specialist.

The boss of Victoria's Secret has stepped down as part of a deal which sees it go private as sales fall and it is troubled by accusations of misogyny.

A'SARS-shaped'Covid-19 epidemic could end up costing airlines $29.3billion (£24billion), according to their global trade association.

Israeli tailorBagirwas out of fashion this week after announcing it is taking legal action against Chinese giant Shandong Ruyi.

Millions of savers have been hit by a double whammy of surging inflation and falling interest rates.

The wife of the hedge fund tycoon who is opposing the takeover of Sirius Minerals has been named chairman of the potash miner's biggest shareholder.

Property group Daejan Holdings rocketed after the billionaire family that controls it offered to take it private in a £270million deal.

GlaxoSmithKline chief executive Emma Walmsley has been handed £6.6million of shares under a long-term performance scheme.

Rio Tinto has appointed three female non-executive directors in its latest diversity drive.

The 'squawk' firm at the centre of a Bank of England leaks scandal has divulged pieces of market-sensitive information from central banks around the world.

The economy has shown more evidence of a 'Boris bounce', with factory output and sales of commercial properties soaring after December's general election.

Hornby has raised £15million from investors to take it into the 21st century.

Barclays was last night facing an investigation by the data watchdog over 'Big Brother' computer software it used to spy on staff.

A former Great Western Railway boss convicted of expenses fraud is now an award-winning senior executive at National Express, it has emerged.

Investment fund ASI Income Focus reopened earlier this month from the ashes of Woodford Income Focus Fund.

Wall Street giant Morgan Stanley stunned global markets with its $13billion (£10billion) takeover of online broker E*Trade last week.

Go into any Scottish pub and chances are that a good proportion of drinkers will be nursing a pint of Tennent's.

Share prices across Europe and in the UK plunged today as the spread of coronavirus cases outside of China caused chaos on the stock markets.

Struggling estate agency group Countrywide has announced it is in talks over a possible merger with LSL Property Services.

Barclays is preparing to start the hunt for a new boss to replace Jes Staley, who is expected to leave the bank by the end of next year, according to the Financial Times.

US billionaire Dan Loeb has kicked off a campaign to break up retirement savings company Prudential and end its 172-year presence in the UK.

Panicked investors have pushed gold to an all-time high in sterling terms as they scrambled to protect their savings from the coronavirus contagion.

Barcelona's famous unfinished basilica, the Sagrada Familia, will be finished using stones from a Yorkshire paving company.

One of the world's biggest private equity firms is ready to pump billions of pounds into British infrastructure projects in a resounding vote of confidence in the UK economy.

Investors snapped up shares in biotechnology minnow Novacyt as the coronavirus edged closer to becoming a pandemic.

The boss of Barclays is preparing to stand down after a storm of controversy over his friendship with paedophile Jeffrey Epstein.

Fears are mounting that thousands of ordinary shareholders will be denied any say on the Sirius Minerals takeover because of complicated City rules.

The British Steel sale faces fresh delays as sources insist a deal with Chinese buyer Jingye will not be sealed this week.

Tesco has revealed 1,800 jobs could be cut in an overhaul of its bakeries as Britain buys less bread.

The billionaire hedge fund boss who attacked the Prudential has been forced to back down over his demand to shift its listing from the London Stock Exchange.

The co-founder of Hotel Chocolat has demanded the Chancellor shake up the 'crazy' business rates system.

Corporate raider Edward Bramson has revived his campaign for change at Barclays after it emerged the bank's boss was being probed over his friendship with paedophile Jeffrey Epstein.

The Business Secretary has been dragged into the Sirius Minerals takeover battle amid growing fears ordinary shareholders will be shut out of a crunch vote.

Almost £100billion has been wiped off the FTSE 100 in just two days as the number of coronavirus cases surged in Europe.

Investment trust Pollen Street Secured Lending (PSSL) sacked its fund manager at the same time as it revealed a takeover approach.

The closure of bars and restaurants across Asia triggered by the coronavirus outbreak looks set to hit drinks groupDiageo'sprofits to the tune of up to £200million.

Metro Bankwill start slowing down its branch openings across the country, as it looks to cut costs and return to profit.

Insurance firm Direct Line has confirmed it is to cut 800 jobs asa response to the growing prevalence of customers interacting with the firm online.

Embattled fashion groupTed Bakeris axing 160 roles as it sets its sights on further cost cuts amid falling sales and dwindling profits.

Housebuilder Taylor Wimpey has hailed the 'clearer political outlook' following December's election victory by Boris Johnson.

Shareholders in Serco are getting their first dividend in six years after the outsourcing giant triumphantly returned to growth.

The jury deciding the fate of three ex-Barclays executives accused of fraud has been instructed to ignore whether they deserved their bonuses following the financial crisis.

The label behind Sinead O'Connor and Blondie, featuring Debbie Harry, is to make music again for the first time in two decades.

The threat posed by coronavirus to businesses of all types was laid bare yesterday by a string of multinational firms.

Three of Britain's biggest finance firms are to axe more than 2,000 jobs as part of their relentless push online.

Prudential was planning a major overhaul before US hedge fund Third Point demanded a break-up this week.

Private equity giant Blackstone has snapped up a student housing firm for £4.7billion in one of the UK's biggest ever property deals.

Marks & Spencer has launched a digital bra-fitting tool to boost sales of its bestselling product.

Crisis-hit NMC Health has fired its chief executive after discovering it could be on the hook for £260million of secretly arranged loans.

Sir Richard Branson’s Virgin Galactic is offering more space-flight tickets to satisfy rich thrill-seekers.

Shares in FTSE 100 healthcare firm NMC Health have been suspended by the financial watchdog.

Reckitt Benckiser has written off £5billion from the value of baby formula maker Mead Johnson, just three years after it bought the troubled business.

The City watchdog has launched a full investigation into NMC Health as one of the biggest scandals to hit the London stock market in years intensified.

The boss of RSA Insurance insisted Britain's flood defences had 'done a better job than in prior years' – despite the devastating storms leaving thousands of homes underwater.

Shares in Aston Martin hit a record low as losses ballooned to more than £100million and its finance boss quit.

Advertising giant WPP had its worst day on the stock market in nearly 30 years after sales growth had dried up – denting former boss Sir Martin Sorrell's fortune as he prepares for a costly divorce.

Investors are being told not to panic despite facing their biggest weekly loss in years, as the coronavirus wreaks havoc on stock markets around the world.

International Airlines Group, whose brands include Aer Lingus and Iberia, has blamed higher fuel prices for causing profits to dive by a third last year.

London-focused estate agent Foxtons said 2019 was 'another challenging year' as Brexit uncertainty hit its revenues from house sales and the tenant fees ban ate into its rental income.

Novacytwas one of the rare risers in a bloodbath week for the UK stock market, thanks to the success of its coronavirus diagnostic test which it handily launched a few weeks ago.

What is it?

Ocadochairman Lord Rose pocketed £1.7million by selling 150,000 shares in the online grocer.

Rio Tintochief executive Jean-Sebastien Jacques netted a 27 per cent pay rise in 2019.

Airlines and travel companies bore the brunt of the latest chaos on global markets as the spread of the coronavirus triggered more panic-selling.

The threat of legal action is hanging over some of Britain's biggest housebuilders after the competition regulator vowed to crack down on toxic leasehold homes.

The new boss of John Lewis will lay bare the dire state of the department store chain next week when she is expected to reveal annual profits at close to zero.

Santander's Spanish boss Ana Botin has given the bank's UK arm a huge vote of confidence after a string of high-profile managers quit.

The Canadian owner of Canary Wharf is weighing a sale of one of Britain's oldest port companies for up to £1.6billion.

Hedge fund boss Crispin Odey has warned the spread of coronavirus could trigger more economic shocks as City firms go into lockdown this week.

A Lib Dem peer has called on Bank of England boss Mark Carney to put pressure on BP to sell its Russian energy stake.

An online broker part-owned by one of the Emirati billionaires at the centre of the NMC Health scandal has had its licence suspended in two countries for a string of compliance breaches.

High-interest loans firm BrightHouse faces going bust after being hit by a surge of mis-selling claims.

If bosses atPrudentialthought they could easily shake off their new activist stalkers, they should think again.

Shares in Sirius Minerals plunged ahead of a crunch vote on a controversial takeover that will determine the company's future.

Major airlines have seen more than £15billion wiped off their value in just six days as coronavirus clobbers the travel industry.

While much of the public is sceptical – or even downright scared – of artificial intelligence, businesses are finding it more helpful than ever.

The biggest shareholder in Barclays has urged the bank to fire boss Jes Staley over his links to paedophile Jeffrey Epstein.

Scandal-hit NMC Health has appointed a string of heavyweight advisers to oversee an emergency restructuring of its debts after its shares were suspended last week.

Coronavirus is wreaking havoc in factories around the world.

The post-election recovery in British manufacturing could run out of steam because of the coronavirus.

Britain's construction companies enjoyed the biggest rise in new orders since December 2015 last month, new data shows.

As investors wrestle with how to react to a crisis nobody saw coming a couple of months ago, they also have something else to think about which has long been inked into the calendar.

Following months of turbulent trading, NMC Health, Tui and Kingfisher are all set to lose their spots on the prestigious FTSE 100.

Lidl is now the fastest-growing supermarket in Britain, according to the latest market data.

BT is probing claims that controversial equipment supplier Huawei has been linked to slavery in China.

Greggs said its sales were battered by the February storms as retailers brace for a slump in demand caused by coronavirus.

Taxpayers face a hefty bill after British Steel was finally rescued by Chinese buyers – 292 days after it collapsed.

Business leaders are pleading for the Chancellor to shake up Britain's broken business rates regime.

Shares on Wall Street tumbled last night after the first emergency interest rate cut in the United States since the financial crisis spooked investors worried about the coronavirus.

Designer handbags are the most profitable luxury investment, according to a new report from Knight Frank.

An ambitious project to build a potash mine in the North York Moors has been saved from collapse despite a backlash from furious shareholders.

The new boss of Strepsils owner Reckitt Benckiser has bought 17,241 shares in the company for £1million.

The FTSE 100 closed up 97.39 points at 6815.59 and the pound was at $1.28 against the dollar.

Danish toy company Lego recorded soaring online sales last year due to the popularity of both licensed and its own ranges.

The pace of new work cropping up in the country's crucial service sector is starting to slow down amid the coronavirus outbreak, data from a closely-watched economic survey reveals.

Plans to provide emergency loans to stop small firms going bust during the coronavirus crisis are being drawn up by officials at the Bank of England and the Treasury.

Never waste a good crisis.

Staff at two Waitrose branches have been told their stores will close – becoming the first casualties in swingeing cuts proposed by the John Lewis Partnership's new chairman.

Britain's economy is growing at the fastest pace for nearly 18 months as it leaves major European rivals in its wake.

Markets regained steam as traders pinned their hopes on other central banks following the US example and cutting interest rates.

International Airlines Group’s departing boss Willie Walsh saw his pay jump to £3.2million last year – despite tumbling profits at the British Airways owner – and stands to retire with millions in share bonuses.

Metro Bank asked its new interim chief risk officer to leave just days before he was due to take up his responsibilities.

The hedge fund managed by millionaire Crispin Odey is talking up the prospect of a bidding war breaking out for Sirius Minerals.

GlaxoSmithKline boss Emma Walmsley was handed a £2.5million pay rise after a bumper year of sales at the drugs giant.

The John Lewis Partnership has cut its staff bonus to just 2 per cent, after posting a 23 per cent drop in annual profits to £123million.

Shares inITVhave dropped over 11 per cent after the media group warned its advertising revenue looks set to decline further, while posting a 4 per cent fall in viewing figures.

The delay to the release of the latest James Bond film has knocked Cineworld and Aston Martin.

The London stock market plunged by 3.6 per cent today as fears over the economic impact of coronavirus provoked panic selling among global investors.

The FTSE 100 is set to gain a sixth female chief executive as insurance group Admiral appoints a new boss.

ITV has warned coronavirus will hurt advertising income as events are cancelled and firms rein in spending.

Andrew Bailey has come under fire over his leadership of the City watchdog just days before taking over at the Bank of England.

Contractor Capita shed more than a third of its value after admitting its restructuring is proving more difficult than expected.

The High Street is bracing for a slump as shoppers stay at home amid the coronavirus outbreak.

The founder of 'legal loan shark' Amigo triggered a bitter war of words with the company after accusing it of committing 'slow-motion suicide'.

The owners of Ladbrokes and Coral made £1.5million profit per day as its online business boomed.

Airlines have pleaded with the Chancellor of the Exchequer to slash air passenger duty (APD) in the Budget next week to prevent more airlines from going bust.

Cineworld said the novel coronavirus crisis has not yet dampened demand as it sought to calm fears after the release of the new James Bond film was delayed due to the outbreak.

Ten Lifestylewas one of the latest coronavirus victims this week after it warned on Friday its full-year revenue growth would come below expectations.

In the end, Flybe's fall was no surprise, though the announcement undoubtedly  shocked some.

Nissan is ploughing £400million into its Sunderland car plant in a vote of confidence in Brexit Britain.

Anglo American tumbled after it took emergency measures to avoid a disaster at its money-spinning platinum unit.

The 'King of Wall Street' Jamie Dimon is recovering well after emergency heart surgery, JP Morgan said.

The oil price fell 10 per cent as a row between producers added to fears over the impact of coronavirus.

Shares in Norwegian Air crashed by more than a quarter to a 15-year low as the coronavirus outbreak pushes struggling airlines to the brink.

Government plans for a 'green housing revolution' are unworkable, developers have warned.

Former Barclays boss Bob Diamond has hired his ex-sidekick Rich Ricci to lead broker Panmure Gordon.

More than £300billion has been wiped off the value of Britain's leading companies in just two weeks as the spread of the deadly coronavirus batters financial markets.

If they ever bring back the TV programme Holidays From Hell, the start of this year would provide enough material for an entire series.

Prudential is expected to pave the way for a listing or partial sale of its American business this week following pressure from an activist investor.

Trading on the New York Stock Exchange was paused for fifteen minutes today after the S&P 500 fell seven per cent.

Pension fund-favourites BP and Shell saw their share prices hammered almost 20 per cent today, as the FTSE 100 tumbled into bear market territory.

Boeing suffered another blow in its efforts to get its 737 Max jet back into service after regulators ruled some of the plane's wiring is unsafe.

The Greidinger family has slashed its stake in Cineworld by a third after the cinema chain's share price plummeted over coronavirus worries.

Children's entertainment group Live Company has inked a deal with Beatrix Potter's publisher to hold Peter Rabbit-themed Lego-building events.

Public sector workers are more than eight times more likely to enjoy gold-plated retirement benefits than those in the private sector, figures have shown.

Yields on benchmark Government bonds yesterday turned negative for the first time ever as investors rushed for safety.

Activist investor Coast Capital has renewed its assault on the board of First Group.

Pret a Manger has spent £20million on a food safety overhaul following the death of a teenager who ate one of its baguettes.

Aston Martin’s stock was stuck in reverse as car makers across the world were battered by the upsurge in coronavirus cases.

The market slump seen over recent weeks is of similar magnitude to the one seen during the global financial crisis of 2008 with more than a fifth of value knocked off shares, but the reasons are very different.

The gold price has topped $1,700 as investors sought safe havens in response to the coronovirus crisis, which has sparked fears of a global pandemic.

Fund manager M&G has launched a voluntary redundancy programme as it saw annual profits slump by nearly a third after investors withdrew their cash.

Two of Britain's biggest asset managers saw investors pull billions of pounds out of their funds last year in a sign that savers were shunning active stock-pickers.

John Menzies suspended its annual dividend as the aviation services business prepares for coronavirus.

NMC Health's debt mountain is £2billion bigger than previously thought, plunging it even deeper into crisis.

Talktalk chairman Sir Charles Dunstone (pictured, with his wife Celia) has increased his stake again – and is now within a whisker of having to make a full-blown takeover bid.

The boss of Unilever says it will take a hit from the coronavirus crisis but the extent 'is not yet clear'.

AstraZenecaboss Pascal Soriot has been granted more than £7million worth of shares.

British video game developers already punch above their weight in an industry that often flies under the radar for UK investors.

A brief stock market rally fizzled out almost as soon as it had begun on another glum day for investors.

As the coronavirus sweeps the world, there are growing fears we are headed for a global recession.

Car dealer Lookers saw its value on the stock market crash crash by 23 per cent this morning after it decided to postpone publishing annual results next month due to suspected fraud.

The economy flatlined in January as the much-anticipated 'Boris bounce' following the election failed to materialise.

Construction giant Balfour Beatty hiked its annual dividend as it revealed a big boost from the High Speed 2 (HS2) rail scheme.

Shares in First Group edged higher after the transport provider said it had received 'significant interest' from potential bidders for its American school bus operations.

The Bank of England's outgoing Governor Mark Carney has reassured the country that coronavirus will not cause a financial crash as bad as the Great Recession.

A worker at Barclays' Canary Wharf office has been diagnosed with coronavirus.

House prices appear to be growing again as buyers return to the market, the latest findings of a closely-watched survey reveal.

Greedy bankers have been warned they will face penalties if they attempt to use any of the money freed up by the emergency stimulus package to hike dividends or bonuses.

Stock markets were plunged back into turmoil as the coronavirus was declared a pandemic and traders shrugged off emergency measures to prop up economies.

The slump in the oil price could almost wipe out tax revenues from the North Sea, according to the Treasury watchdog.

A crackdown on tax avoidance and evasion should help to raise billions of pounds more for Treasury coffers.

Morrisons is slashing the price of more than 500 products.

The privatisation of Royal Bank of Scotland has been postponed for yet another year.

Shares in G4S hit a 16-year low after a slew of one-off charges pushed it into the red.

WH Smithhas warned that the coronavirus outbreak looks set to hit its annual revenues to the tune of £130million and profits by up to £40million.

Struggling shopping centre groupIntu Propertieshas warned that it is at risk of going bust if it cannot find fresh funds to prop up its finances.

The bloodbath on the stock market stepped up another gear this afternoon, with the FTSE 100 suffering its second worst day on record, as it closed down 10.87 per cent.

Elderly residents at Four Seasons care homes face more uncertainty after the group transferred another 58 properties to new operators.

Tullow Oil's future was in doubt last night it revealed that the recent oil price rout could sink it.

The US Federal Reserve has announced it will pump trillions of dollars into the financial system in its latest bid to stave off a coronavirus slowdown.

Hays Travel, the company which rescued more than 400 Thomas Cook shops last year, has asked staff to take unpaid leave in a bid to ease the pressure caused by coronavirus.

Moss Bros shares surged almost 50 per cent after it agreed to go private in a £22.6million deal.

The chief operating officer of Lookers has resigned amid a probe over 'potential fraud'.

Britain's blue-chip FTSE 100 index slipped back from a surge earlier today to close up 2.5 per cent.

Shell's boss's pay was cut in half in 2019.

Lloyd's of London will shut its underwriting floors for the first time in its history on Friday as a test of the 333-year-old insurance market's coronavirus contingency plans.

Norwegian Air will lay off around half of its staff and cancel 4,000 flights as it struggles to stay afloat.

Accounting errors by Galliford Try inflated its net assets by more than £94million.

Ailing NMC Health has admitted it may have found evidence it was involved in fraud.

Britain's biggest banks pledged last night to immediately make available £20billion of emergency cash to small and medium-sized enterprises brought to their knees by coronavirus.

Sagais suspending all its cruises from 15 March to 1 May after heeding Government warnings about the risks posed to over 70s and those with underlying medical conditions from the coronavirus outbreak.

More airlines face collapse if the coronavirus pandemic lasts another two to three months, experts have warned.

John Lewis is trialling a personalised fashion advice service on Instagram to try and bring shoppers back to its department stores.

Morrisons has become the first major UK supermarket to agree to pay small suppliers immediately to ensure businesses do not collapse due to coronavirus.

Aston Martin'swhite knight will pump even more cash into the luxury car maker in a desperate bid to keep it afloat.

Barclays boss Jes Staley has been awarded stock worth £5.3million.

Investors have endured the worst weekly rout on financial markets since the Great Recession, as hopes of a dramatic recovery quickly gave way to crushing disappointment.

Britain is slipping into a sharp recession that will see the economy shrink by as much as 2.5 per cent by the summer and interest rates slashed to their lowest ever levels, leading economists predict.

TSB has played down fears that an overhaul of its bonus scheme will put pressure on staff to sell loans to struggling customers.

Billionaire Brexiteer Peter Hargreaves has invested hundreds of millions back into the stock market – just weeks after cashing in £550million of shares while prices were riding high.

Edinburgh is the venue this week for the showdown between Premier Oil and its hedge fund attacker.

Shares in Laura Ashley crashed 45 per cent as it is scrambling to secure a rescue loan of up to £15million before it runs out of cash.

Saudi Aramco will slash spending by up to a quarter next year in response to a sharp drop in oil prices.

Stock markets took yet another big dive today despite a dramatic intervention from the world's most important bank last night.

Stock market carnage has hit shares across the board, but the four biggest FTSE 100 fallers in the last four weeks have been airlines and travel firms.

Shares in the UK's biggest pubs and restaurants tumbled on another day of panic selling on stock markets around the world.

The leaders of the G7 group of leading industrialised nations yesterday vowed to use the 'full powers of our governments' to combat the coronavirus outbreak and lay the ground for economic recovery.

Stock markets around the world are in freefall as coronavirus threatens to tip the global economy into recession.

Defensive investment funds managed by the likes of Ruffer and Brevan Howard have been making money for savers despite the market turbulence.

Shares in Britain's biggest gambling firms tumbled after they warned that coronavirus was set to knock hundreds of millions of pounds off their profits.

Oil companies were hammered as the price of crude slumped below $30 a barrel.

Novacyt raced 18 per cent higher after Public Health England ordered thousands of its coronavirus tests in a £1million deal.

Shares in Primark owner Associated British Foods were suspended yesterday after it released a bruising report into the effects of coronavirus on its business.

Crash!

Novacyt raced 18 per cent higher after Public Health England ordered thousands of its coronavirus tests in a £1million deal.

A string of London's most glamorous restaurants have been shut due to the pandemic.

The sustained rout rattling global markets has wiped billions off the value of Britain's best-known companies.

Nissan has mothballed the biggest car plant in the UK as the Covid-19 outbreak wreaks havoc.

Anxious investors were offered a little respite yesterday on another topsy-turvy session on stock markets around the world.

The creative chief of designer handbag maker Mulberry is leaving after five years in the job.

Dixons Carphone is to close all its 531 Carphone Warehouse stores in the UK and axe nearly 3,000 jobs.

HSBC has finally confirmed Noel Quinn as its permanent chief executive.

Amazon is hiring an army of 100,000 workers in the US to cope with 'unprecedented' demand during the coronavirus crisis.

Britain's third-largest supermarket Sainsbury's has welcomed the government's decision to give a business rates holiday to offset the impact of the coronavirus.

Almost £15 billion of savers' money is now stuck in property funds after a slew went into lockdown amid concerns over the coronavirus.

Britain's biggest pubs, bars and restaurants reported dire trading yesterday amid warnings that many would collapse this weekend with the loss of a million jobs.

Shares in Britain's biggest supermarkets bucked the trend on another dismal day for the stock market.

More than half of scam victims are still being refused refunds despite banks pledging to treat customers more fairly with the introduction of a repayment scheme last May.

Superdry is facing a 'fluid and uncertain' situation, its boss has warned, after closing 78 stores across Europe as shoppers are urged to abandon the High Street to help prevent coronavirus spreading.

Diggers giant JCB has halted production for the first time in its history because of the pandemic.

Live Company has signed a deal to tour Paddington Bear events around the UK and Ireland.

Next is bracing itself for a 'very significant' downturn in sales for the duration of the coronavirus pandemic, it admitted today.

The John Lewis Partnership and Waitrose have introduced a string of measures to help elderly and vulnerable consumers during the coronavirus pandemic.

Motorists could see petrol fall to £1 a litre within weeks, according to the AA.

Shares edged higher yesterday and sterling swung wildly after the Bank of England slashed interest rates to a record low of 0.1 per cent.

The surge in desperate shoppers trying to arrange deliveries from Ocado was so high at one point the company feared it was under attack from hackers.

Bosses were last night urged to ditch their bonuses as a dozen London-listed companies suspended or axed their dividends.

Reading and listening to audio­books at home during the coronavirus pandemic could boost sales at Harry Potter publisher Bloomsbury.

After two weeks of watching the oil price in free fall, investors now want to know what the repercussions will be.

A handful of companies could benefit from the Covid-19 virus if the Government enforces a French-style shutdown on all non-essential stores, according to analysts.

The FTSE 100 lost most its early gains despite a blockbuster series of government and central bank measures aimed at cushioning the economic blow from the coronavirus.

Marks and Spencer is preparing to 'temporarily' close some stores, slash investment, dividend and defer staff pay rises as it becomes the latest retailer to warn of the coronavirus outbreak's severe impact on trading.

Mike Ashley's Frasers Group, formerly known as Sports Direct, has become the latest retailer to warn of the devastating impact of the coronavirus pandemic.

Inspiration Healthcarewas one of the few risers on the junior market as the coronavirus crisis intensified.

Britain's supermarket sector has been thrown into the spotlight like never before in the last few weeks.

The founder and chief executive of shared office providerIWG, Mark Dixon, spent £6.1million buying shares in the company this week.

More than £1billion of shareholder payouts have been cancelled due to coronavirus after Marks & Spencer and Wetherspoons joined other firms calling off dividends.

Every major car maker in the UK has halted or slashed production because of the coronavirus crisis.

Financial markets swung wildly yesterday as governments and central banks stepped up their unprecedented fight to save the world from another Great Depression.

Cirque du Soleil has laid off almost its entire team of more than 4,000 performers and other staff due to a string of cancelled shows.

Technology companies are cashing in as millions of office staff switch to working from home during the coronavirus pandemic.

Property tycoon Robert Tchenguiz has sold his multi-million pound investment in transport firm FirstGroup after being squeezed by the stock market crash.

It wasn't the first time Crispin Odey has been accused of crying wolf.

Restaurant chain Leon will this week launch an Ocado-style home delivery site as it reinvents itself to survive the coronavirus crisis.

A British supplier to the NHS is shipping disinfectant to the Chinese military to help it deal with the coronavirus crisis.

Taxi firm Uber will sell its Uber Eats takeaway delivery business to rival Deliveroo within two years, analysts believe.

More than 25 major high street chains are in crunch talks with landlords over a massive rent bill due to be paid by Wednesday as they battle to avoid axeing stores.

Britain's biggest drugs company has joined the global fight against the coronavirus pandemic, The Mail on Sunday can reveal.

Markets are in freefall and takeovers are falling off a cliff so you would think there is surely no way a company could float their business on the stock market right now?

Fashion and home retailer Cath Kidston is looking for a buyer to save the business as the corona-virus lockdown wreaks havoc on the high street.

Hundreds of firms have contacted insolvency specialists after Boris Johnson put Britain into lockdown.

Britain needs 'far more ventilators' despite Government efforts to ramp up supply.

Cath Kidston is looking for a buyer to save the business and up to 800 jobs just days after Laura Ashley went under.

The London stock market was deeply in the red again today despite the US monetary authorities revealing unlimited stimulus to combat the economic effects of the coronavirus crisis.

The pound tumbled to $1.15 last week, its lowest level since 1985, and below the point it tumbled to in the wake of the Brexit vote.

B&Q and Screwfix owner Kingfisher is keeping stores open in the UK despite shutting its French and Spanish stores due to Covid-19.

Shares in some of the biggest High Street names slumped as they shut stores to protect staff and customers from coronavirus.

Coronavirus has already pushed the world economy into a 'deep recession', according to Goldman Sachs.

Payment providers across the UK have upped their contactless payment limits from £30 to £45 in an effort to help customers cut down on cash usage.

Almost £70million was wiped off IWG founder Mark Dixon's fortune after the business warned about the impact of coronavirus.

Easyjet's founder urged the airline to slash costs by cancelling orders for planes and sacking staff during the coronavirus outbreak.

Demand for workers to fill jobs in supermarket warehouses has surged by a third as internet shopping booms.

More than £60billion was wiped off the stock market yesterday – taking total losses since the coronavirus pandemic hit to £793billion.

Fantasy war gaming company Games Workshop has become the latest retailer to warn that its global performance has been impacted by the coronavirus pandemic.

Chemicals giant Ineos has joined the battle against the coronavirus with a new hand sanitizer factory.

Shopping centre owners and other property firms have warned ministers that they face collapse without support to replace lost rental income.

Some of Britain's largest housebuilders chose to shut down their construction sites despite the Government granting them permission to stay open.

The FTSE 100 index recorded its second biggest daily rise in history yesterday as global stock markets bounced back following weeks of heavy selling.

HousebuilderPersimmonis bracing itself for a 'material slowdown' in new sales as the coronavirus pandemic triggers customer cancellations and construction site delays.

Britain's science and pharmaceuticals expertise was out in full force as a clutch of junior market-listed firms made strides in fighting coronavirus.

Thousands of businesses have been urged to scrap fat-cat bonuses during the coronavirus crisis.

Stock markets continued their exuberant upswing yesterday after weeks of catastrophic losses for investors.

The steel industry is racing to secure support from the Government as plunging demand leaves it on the brink of collapse.

The release of Wonder Woman 1984 has been postponed because of the coronavirus outbreak.

Wetherspoons was forced into an embarrassing U-turn over staff pay after close to 100 MPs intervened.

Persimmon and Bellway have told workers to down tools as a row rages about whether construction should continue during the coronavirus lockdown.

Heavy rainstorms that caused widespread flooding across the UK last month resulted in retail sales to contract.

AIM-listed fashion retailer Quiz has warned that sales and margins will be 'materially' below expectations this month as it closed down all its shops as the UK went into lockdown.

The stock market has shown signs of finding its feet this week after the worst sell-off since the 2008 financial crisis.

Tiles and wood flooring retailer Topps Tiles says it should be able to maintain its financial strength even if its stores remain shut for twelve weeks, The Leicestershire-based firm expects the closure of its stores from the coronavirus pandemic to cut its revenues and profits in the second half of the financial year.

Chiquito was on the brink of collapse last night – making it the first big coronavirus casualty in the restaurant sector.

Intu is holding crisis talks with banks and the Government after the coronavirus crisis wiped out two thirds of its income.

Businesses are 'rediscovering their social conscience' by rallying to offer support and to create products to battle the coronavirus pandemic.

As Roger Saul, the founder of the Mulberry designer label, gazes out over his Somerset farm, the English countryside is so idyllic it is hard to believe a lethal pandemic is sweeping the world.

Despite desperate pleas from the industry, the Government still has yet to offer airlines a tailormade bailout deal.

Hundreds of medium-sized businesses are to be given access to emergency coronavirus loans after warnings that many would be excluded under the original scheme.

Stock markets soared for a third day as an unprecedented rise in unemployment in the United States fuelled hopes that a more aggressive economic stimulus package was on the way to support the economy as coronavirus spreads.

Edinburgh-based aviation services firmJohn Menzieshas announced it is axing 17,500 jobs globally as a result of the coronavirus pandemic.

Read the headlines about the UK stockmarket and it will inevitably be the FTSE 100 that features, but its sibling the FTSE 250 is a better measure of how British business is faring.

High-flying property listings websiteRightmovehas been dragged back down to earth by the coronavirus crisis and freeze on the housing market.

Pizza delivery giant Domino's has reported soaring demand for deliveries in the last week as cooped-up UK customers orders more pizzas online.

Anthony Bolton, one of Britain's best-known fund managers, has started investing in the stock market again.

Britain's stock market slammed into reverse after three days of gains as Boris Johnson revealed he has coronavirus.

Demand for DIY and garden equipment surged in the weeks before the coronavirus lockdown, according to B&Q's owner.

During a rocky period on the stock market, investors would usually take solace in a guaranteed stream of dividend payments.

The chairman of software groupMicro Focus, Greg Lock, and his wife, Rosemary, spent £905,000 buying 238,500 shares in the group.

Petra Diamondsis unsure how many gems it will be able to mine this year and warned prices have swung even lower.

Wetherspooncould face legal action unless it pays breweries.

Brighthouse is on the brink of collapse as the coronavirus claims its latest corporate victim.

Sir Philip Green's retail empire is suspending payments to its pension scheme as it desperately tries to cling on to cash in the face of the coronavirus lockdown.

A Somerset zoo that was forced to close its doors to the public due to the coronavirus pandemic has bagged £300,000 of funding to help it survive.

The travel industry has accused Barclays of 'strangling' firms by demanding they hand over millions of pounds in case they collapse.

The coronavirus is set to claim a series of corporate victims this week as Brighthouse and Carluccio's near collapse.

Troubled retailer Mothercare has sent home its 430 UK employees who were working in Boots and said it has put its franchise deal with the pharmacy on hold.

Online estate agent Purplebricks has announced it has suspended all television and radio advertising and cut supplier overheads to radically reduce costs.

Barclays is 'pulling the wool over the eyes of shareholders' with its commitment to being more environmentally friendly, campaigners said.

Travelex owner Finablr has been dumped by its auditor after the troubled finance company was rocked by scandal.

Shopping centre-owner Hammerson slumped by a fifth to an all-time low after stricken retailers paid just a third of rents.

Hipgnosis has bought song rights from Bon Jovi guitarist Richie Sambora.

Pressure is growing on the UK's largest banks to cut bosses' bonuses and shareholder payouts to preserve cash in the face of the growing coronavirus crisis.

Oil prices fell to 18-year lows of under $21 a barrel yesterday as the coronavirus outbreak hit demand.

Two High Street chains with 4,500 staff collapsed yesterday as they became the latest victims of the coronavirus crisis.

Easyjet's founder has gone to war with the struggling airline over its plans to spend £4.5 billion on aircraft.

Publicans whose livelihoods are under threat from the coronavirus lockdown are rallying against the 'unethical' practices of Britain's major pub groups.

Neil Clifford, chief executive of Kurt Geiger, has given up his £500,000-a-year pay until his stores open again after the coronavirus threat.

The UK's biggest banks are facing pressure to cancel or delay big dividend payouts to investors to make sure they have the resources to keep struggling business afloat during the coronavirus crisis.

Chinese companies have reported a pick-up in economic activity this month as they start to recover from the coronavirus shutdown, a new survey shows.

Oil and gas major Shell has said it is expecting to pay between $400million and $800million in costs in the first quarter due to COVID-19 and an oil price war.

Carnival has launched a massive £4.8billion cash call to shore up its finances as the industry shutdown was extended into the summer.

Another day, another chance for investors to reward innovative firms rallying to the Government's call to supply more ventilators.

Invesco's best-known fund manager Mark Barnett is selling all the unquoted investments from his Income and High Income funds.

Companies cutting dividends and laying off workers in a battle to survive the coronavirus crisis should not be handing millions of pounds to bosses.

A £10billion mega-merger to create the world's largest betting company has been waved through by the competition authorities.

WPP is slashing pay and its dividend as rumours swirl that it could become a takeover target.

De La Rue has seen profits hit by a poor start to the year in its currency arm.

Airline tycoons will have to put their hands in their pockets if they want a bail out, Transport Secretary Grant Shapps warned yesterday.

Britain's stock market has suffered its worst run for more than three decades as the coronavirus crisis sends shares tumbling.

Domino's has picked a former Costa Coffee man as its boss.

The cost of food looks set to continue to rise as the coronavirus pandemic rages on, a leading retail expert has warned.

After suffering the worst quarter since 1987, investors were praying for even a modest rally.

Smith & Nephew has become the latest company to join the effort to build ventilators for the NHS.

Apple has bought weather app Dark Sky and is set to shut down the Android version of the software later this year.

Banks are under pressure to cut their bosses' multi-million pound bonuses after axing more than £8billion of shareholder pay outs.

BP will cut spending to strengthen finances amid 'brutal' conditions.

Growing numbers of companies are slashing bosses' pay in a bid to save cash and survive the coronavirus pandemic.

Marks & Spencer has handed its staff who continue to work a 15 per cent bonus days after unions staged a walk-out at a distribution centre.

Primark's shock decision to cancel all its suppliers' orders is 'unethical' and will push thousands of workers into destitution, it was said yesterday.

Pets at Homeenjoyed 'exceptional' demand in the last few weeks of March, with devoted pet owners stocking up on supplies as the nation went into lockdown.

Oil surged more than 20 per cent after President by Francesca Washtell Trump claimed Saudi Arabia and Russia were close to making huge production cuts and ending a painful price war.

Ocado's customer service ratings have collapsed in the past month as shoppers get frustrated with delayed deliveries and product substitutions, according to analysts.

For the second week in a row, markets were braced for a leap in US unemployment figures.

As the boss of the Co-op, Steve Murrells finds himself right at the centre of the response to coronavirus.

Morrisons has promised staff a £1,000 bonus.

PZ Cussons has stripped its boss of retirement cash after they found his behaviour had not been up to scratch while he was in charge.

Easyjet's founder has demanded a vote on whether to sack a director in a row over a £4.5billion aeroplane order.

A boardroom rift has opened up at HSBC after the Bank of England forced it to cancel its dividend.

Next is hoping to raise up to £100million from the sale of its headquarters and three warehouses as it tries to raise cash to ride out the coronavirus lockdown.

Standard Life Aberdeen will today bring relief to dividend starved savers by revealing it is to press ahead with a £300million payout.

Top brass at Primark-owning groupAssociated British Foodshave agreed to slash their pay packets, after warning the firm's profits will now come in 'much lower' than expected as a result of the coronavirus pandemic.

The pound dropped today after the latest survey figures on the economy revealed the devastation wreaked on the country's service and retail sectors by coronavirus disruption.

Coro Energyhas introduced new cost-cutting measures to manage the severe disruption in the oil and gas market, which resulted in the 'termination' of chief executive James Menzies.

A British tech start-up is helping to train front-line staff at the NHS's new emergency hospital in London to detect the coronavirus.

Tesla delivered a record number of electric cars in the first three months of 2020, boosted by demand for its new Model Y.

Bus firms' shares revved higher after the Government offered them a further bailout package.

Fashion bosses slashed their salaries yesterday after asking the taxpayer to pay its staff amidst devastating drops in sales.

Four out of the UK's five biggest banks fought to maintain their dividends against the wishes of the Bank of England.

The US lost more jobs than it gained for the first time in a decade last month as the coronavirus crisis slammed the brakes on business.

Cake Box has become the latest company to donate goods to NHS staff.

Nationwide has abandoned plans to enter the business banking market amid the coronavirus outbreak and record low interest rates of 0.1 per cent.

The pound has bounced back strongly from lows of $1.15 less than two weeks ago to around $1.24 at the time of writing, and from €1.06 to €1.14.

Formula One may have to return around £200m in fees after races were called off due to the virus crisis.

Struggling High Street stalwarts are facing a crucial week, with retailers Debenhams and Cath Kidston both teetering on the brink.

Tesco is expected to press ahead with a £550m dividend for shareholders this week.

The City tycoon known as 'the Rottweiler' for his aggressive style of investing has split one of his funds to avoid a Neil Woodford-style cash crisis as markets tumble.

Bosses at The Restaurant Group, which owns Frankie & Benny's and Wagamama, have agreed to reduce their salaries after the dining group was forced to close all its outlets across the UK due to the coronavirus.

Gemfields notched up record revenue in 2019.

GlaxoSmithKline has teamed up with a US biotech firm to develop potential vaccines and treatments for the coronavirus.

Dividends worth £17.6billion have now been axed so far this year as British investors continue to feel the pain from the coronavirus pandemic.

Thousands of workers were furloughed yesterday as more companies jumped on the Government's offer to pay 80 per cent of staff wages during the coronavirus crisis.

GVC'S boss has refused to take a pay cut despite propping up the company with tens of millions of pounds of taxpayers' cash.

Cobham has become the latest business to join the effort to make ventilators for the NHS.

Doing the right thing in a national emergency in which people are dying in their hundreds, when a locked-down economy is crashing and the Government is offering enormous subventions to business and workers, should not be that hard.

The spat between Easyjet's board and its colourful founder intensified as he lined up the airline's finance boss as his next target in an attack on management.

A major lender to troubled NMC Health has filed to have the company put into administration.

Pressure is mounting on firms to slash executive pay, with a leading fund manager saying bosses must 'feel the pinch' along with their workers.

Automotive seller Inchcape is cutting executive salaries and is scrapping dividend payments as the coronavirus causes car sales to plummet.

Four out of five workers worldwide have had their jobs affected by the coronavirus pandemic.

Businesses have been urged to find at least £6.5billion for the development of tests, treatments and vaccines for the coronavirus.

Struggling firms which applied to their bank for an emergency business loan last week were eight times more likely to be rejected than approved, according to the British Chambers of Commerce (BCC).

The founder of Carphone Warehouse has raked in £48million from selling Dixons Carphone stock.

Chinese investors have abandoned an attempt to seize control of a British technology star after a furious backlash in Westminster.

Partners and staff at Sports Direct’s former auditor Grant Thornton have volunteered to cut their hours and pay as client fees fall due to coronavirus.

Global stock markets rallied amid signs that the spread of Covid-19 in virus hotspots may be slowing.

Two of the world’s biggest luxury goods groups will no longer use taxpayers’ money to fight the coronavirus outbreak.

Online-based fashion retailerAsoshas raised £247million from its shareholders in a bid to shore up its finances during the pandemic.

Turnover rocketed 40 per cent at podcast maker Audioboom between January and March.

It is little surprise that retail investors have wanted a piece of the action as stock markets have gone topsy-turvy over the last few weeks.

Tesco'sannual results may have been overshadowed by the steps it is taking to cope with the coronavirus pandemic, but the nitty-gritty of today's numbers deserve a closer look.

The stock market's climb back from the pandemic induced fall is likely to be very different in nature to those which occurred after other crashes.

Two out of three manufacturers have seen orders halve in the past 30 days and a similar number will run out of money before the end of the month without support, a study suggests.

Wagamama owner The Restaurant Group expects sales will drop by 50pc this year – and has furloughed around 20,000 staff.

Global trade is heading for an 'ugly' slump even more severe than during the financial crisis as the world crashes into recession, according to a leading international watchdog.

Tesco offered hard-pressed savers some respite as it pledged to pay a £900m total dividend.

Insurance giants have axed dividends worth £1.3 billion in a fresh blow to beleaguered savers.

After weeks of the pandemic affecting Britons' daily lives, testing has moved to the front of the political agenda.

Bosses at four more of Britain's biggest banks accepted cuts to their pay last night in response to the coronavirus crisis.

Clive Selley, the chief executive of Openreach, is in charge of the broadband architecture that is keeping the country connected during the pandemic – a task he is carrying out from his home in south-east London.

Two High Street bosses announced pay cuts yesterday amid pressure to share the pain from the coronavirus epidemic.

The Government's business support help will still not be enough to bring the steel industry back from the brink of collapse, it is claimed.

Guinness ownerDiageohas warned that the mass closure of pubs and restaurants around the world is having a 'significant' impact on its business.

The Covid 19 pandemic is a 'crisis like no other' that will lead to the worst economic crash since the Great Depression, the International Monetary Fund has warned.

The Government has extended its overdraft with the Bank of England to finance its coronavirus spending spree.

Fund manager Ruffer raked in more than £2billion last month for its investors from a series of trades to protect against the collapse in stock markets.

The boss of the City watchdog has warned banks to treat their customers fairly as it emerged they have hiked the cost of mortgages while slashing savings rates.

Santander's UK chief executive Nathan Bostock has finally followed his colleagues in Spain and agreed to donate £1million to charity.

Life under lockdown has driven us to spend more nights in front of the telly with a glass of wine.

Easyjet's founder branded bosses at the airline 'scoundrels' last night as a row over new aircraft intensified.

Oil prices dropped despite Russia and Saudi Arabia edging closer to completing a landmark deal to cut global production.

G4Sboss Ashley Almanza has been awarded stock in the security firm worth almost £2.6million at current prices.

Imagination Technologies’sboss left the company yesterday after Chinese investors made a failed bid to seize control.

WHAT IS IT?

The number of firms going bust surged 50 per cent in March, official figures reveal.

Just one-third of the dividend payouts axed due to coronavirus will return over the next six years, forecasts show.

Virgin Money bosses are giving up cash bonuses worth an estimated £1million in response to the crisis.

A company that organises Britain's largest fashion trade show is in advanced talks about raising millions of pounds of fresh funds from stock market investors.

Bosses at travel giant TUI have refused to take a pay cut despite furloughing 11,000 UK staff and pocketing a £1.6billion bailout from the German government.

Supermarket chains are suffering a lockdown hangover after last month's panic-buying was followed by a sudden fall in sales over the past fortnight.

Jaguar Land Rover is this week expected to reveal sales have plummeted 30 per cent since the beginning of the year.

Fashion giant Next is to reopen its website this week after a shutdown lasting more than a fortnight.

Oil major BP is considering holding a virtual annual meeting after its planned venue was turned into a field hospital for coronavirus patients.

You might think that with everyone stuck indoors – and kids glued to their consoles – a video gaming company would be raking it in at the moment.

Struggling fashion retailer Matalan, run by the billionaire Hargreaves family, is considering options to secure 'short term funding' of as much as £60million to help it through the coronavirus pandemic.

China suffered its worst quarter for six decades, raising fears for the health of the global economy.

Bosses at travel giant Tui were under pressure last night to ditch their 'unlimited' holiday allowances after asking the UK taxpayer to pay 11,000 of its staff.

The UK is well-prepared to deal with the economic impact of the pandemic after ten years of austerity, Lord (Mervyn) King said.

The housing market is expected to fall by up to a sixth as thousands of Britons lose their jobs.

Dave Lewis, the chief executive of Tesco, announced plans to step down this October some time before coronavirus struck, but had he been harbouring any ideas of winding down as his leaving date approached – admittedly that was never very likely – they went by the board when the pandemic struck.

Britain's biggest housing companies have furloughed more than 9,000 workers using taxpayer cash – despite making billions of pounds in profit.

Shares in British American Tobacco began the week in the red following reports it is facing a criminal probe in the US over suspected breaches of sanctions.

Banks are set to make more than £600 million in extra interest paid by cash-strapped homeowners taking mortgage holidays, Money Mail can reveal.

The future of Wasabi is in doubt after accounts showed it was fighting for survival even before the pandemic.

British drug firms have put themselves at the centre of the battle against the coronavirus with plans for new treatments and vaccines.

Fashion sellers Oasis and Warehouse were on the brink of administration last night – putting 2,300 jobs at risk.

Next's website was forced to close itself to orders after just one hour yesterday as shoppers flooded online to buy clothes.

Easyjet's outspoken founder has referred the airline to the City watchdog in the latest escalation in a row over a huge order for planes with Airbus.

Heathrow has become a cargo hub as the number of passengers has plummeted.

Online gambling giant888has claimed its 'unwavering commitment' to help prevent people spiralling into problem gambling remains 'more important than ever' amid the global lockdown.

One in every three small and mid-sized firms said between 75 per cent and 100 per cent of their staff had been furloughed, according to anew surveyfrom the British Chambers of Commerce (BCC).

The two most powerful men at Royal Mail have been running the crucial service from their homes on the Continent during the coronavirus crisis.

The cost of the Government's furlough scheme is set to soar as two-thirds of smaller firms have applied for taxpayer money to pay staff wages.

Countries including the UK are facing a 'massive' rise in debt due to the Covid-19 outbreak, the International Monetary Fund has warned.

Retail investors were dealt another blow as two more FTSE 100-listed dividend payers wielded the axe on their shareholder payouts.

Deloitte and EY have joined their Big Four rivals by cutting partners' pay as the accountancy industry is plunged into crisis.

Some of America's largest banks have set aside £20 billion to cover the cost of loans turning sour in the coronavirus slump.

The horrendous impact of Covid-19 lockdown on the output of the British economy, on jobs and on the public finances, is an indisputable fact of our new lives.

Amazon boss Jeff Bezos has added an astonishing £22 billion to his fortune during the coronavirus crisis as demand for online deliveries has surged.

The boss ofEasyjetsays the middle seats on its planes could be kept free for a period of time once its fleet is back up in the skies and the pandemic subsides.

Hundreds of thousands of jobs in the retail sector are at risk of being lost amid the Covid-19 crisis, the British Retail Consortium has warned.

Royal Dutch Shell, which is one of the world's largest polluters, has declared its intention to become carbon-neutral by 2050.

Activist investor Ed Bramson has renewed his attack on Barclays boss Jes Staley – but said he will not vote against his reappointment as chief executive while the coronavirus crisis rages.

Royal Mail is under mounting pressure to cut executive pay after it slashed its dividend to save cash.

Paddy Power is shouldering millions of pounds of staffing costs after opting not to use the Government's furlough scheme despite sending shop workers home.

The competition watchdog has launched a formal probe into the proposed takeover of ticket resale website Stubhub by rival Viagogo.

Easyjet's founder Sir Stelios Haji-Ioannou has vowed to unseat the airline's chief executive and chairman in the latest escalation of an ongoing row over a plane order.

The coronavirus lockdown has already wiped £50 billion off the economy as the UK plunges into the deepest slump since the Great Depression.

Antique furniture seller Claire McFadyen had experienced her best two months of trading in six years of business before the coronavirus crisis struck.

The Treasury is finally set to extend its package of coronavirus rescue loans today, which will come as a relief for hundreds of businesses that had fallen through the cracks.

Exhibitions and events organiser Informa has gone cap in hand to investors to raise as much as £1 billion as it tries to weather the coronavirus pandemic.

London-focused estate agent Foxtons has sent home over a thousand workers and tapped investors for £22million to make sure it has enough cash in case the coronavirus lockdown in the capital lasts until the end of August.

Britain's competition body has provisionally cleared a major investment in the online food delivery firm Deliveroo by multinational giant Amazon, arguing that it will stop the fledgling business from going under.

UK shares joined a global rally as traders cheered promising results from a possible coronavirus treatment from the US.

A record 509,000 British businesses are teetering on the brink of collapse as the coronavirus crisis begins to bite.

Bloomsbury has furloughed staff, slashed executive pay and raised emergency cash from investors as it tries to weather the virus crisis.

America's technology titans have added hundreds of billions of pounds to their value in the past month as the coronavirus crisis fuels a boom in online services.

Hundreds of thousands of self-employed workers are missing out on support under the Government's coronavirus aid schemes.

The competition watchdog has waved through Amazon's investment in Deliveroo after the takeaway firm warned it would collapse.

China's economy shrank 6.8 per cent in the first three months of 2020 – the first quarterly contraction since 1976.

Money-saving app Snoop launched yesterday, earlier than expected in an attempt to help consumers cut costs in the coronavirus squeeze.

Britain's banks are preparing for loans worth billions of pounds to turn sour as firms fall apart due to the pressure of the coronavirus crisis.

British households will have £43 billion less to spend on essentials in the second quarter of this year as the coronavirus pandemic squeezes family finances.

Netflix is expected to have gained millions of subscribers when it reveals its first quarter results tomorrow.

Urgent stimulus from the Government is needed to ward off a collapse in the UK's housing market, experts have warned.

Sofa retailer DFS Furniture said it continued to see 'strong momentum' with online sales up more than 20 per cent since the UK went into lockdown.

Aston Martin Lagonda said it has completed its £536million rights issue while new boss Lawrence Stroll pledged to 'reset' the business as he formally took control of the car maker from today.

The Bank of England has cautioned that even if the Covid-19 lockdown is lifted the economy will remain weak.

BP boss Bernard Looney and chairman Helge Lund will donate 20 per cent of their salaries for the rest of this year to mental health charities.

The oil industry was plunged even deeper into crisis last night after the benchmark price for US oil fell below $0 a barrel.

The Business Secretary who led the privatisation of Royal Mail has urged the postal service to cut fat-cat pay in response to the coronavirus crisis.

Sir Rocco Forte credits his super-fit physique for his recovery from coronavirus, which he contracted recently.

Shell investors should vote against its pay policy at the annual meeting next month, an environmental campaign group has urged.

Britain's banks are under mounting pressure to come clean over what they are doing to help businesses struggling to survive the Covid-19 outbreak.

Household finances have deteriorated drastically since the coronavirus lockdown, despite unprecedented Government support.

Primark has seen sales slump from £650million a month to zero as it has no online business to fall back on while all its 376 stores remain closed due to the coronavirus lockdown.

Unprecedented is a word in wide - but often inaccurate - usage at the moment, but it is appropriate when it comes to the current conditions in the oil market.

The oil price in London crashed to a 21-year low just hours after US crude tumbled into negative territory for the first time ever.

Top investors are calling on Royal Mail to slash fat cat pay after it axed the dividend.

The former bosses of John Lewis and Waitrose have walked away with payouts of close to £1million despite the staff-owned firm preparing for sales to drop by up to a third.

London's major mining companies led the FTSE 100 lower after a warning from BHP struck a nerve.

The cost of living is likely to keep easing up as Britain's economy falters, according to economists tracking the financial toll of the coronavirus pandemic.

Britons snapping up beverages in supermarkets, local convenience stores and off-licences ahead of lockdown gave drinks mixer groupFevertreea boost to its bottom line, new results show.

The slump in demand for electricity has been worse than previously thought and could knock British Gas owner Centrica hard, according to analysts at Jefferies.

Ocado has been accused of 'profiteering' from the coronavirus crisis by axing discounts and raising prices on thousands of goods.

Netflix predicts it will gain more than 23m subscribers in the first half of this year because of the virus lockdown.

The £890billion takeover of Victoria's Secret owner L Brands was on the brink last night after a row over store closures and executive pay cuts.

Oil prices sank to fresh 21-year lows before recovering as markets continued to grapple with extreme oversupply caused by the coronavirus crisis.

More than 2m furloughed workers have been signed up for taxpayer-funded wage subsidies in just two days.

The Laura Ashley brand has been saved after its administrators agreed a sale to Gordon Brothers.

Desperate firms scrambling for emergency grants to survive the pandemic face a 'postcode lottery', with some councils paying as few as one in ten companies eligible for the lifeline.

Insurance giant Hiscox could be hit with a £142million bill from pandemic claims – but faces legal action after some firms said they were unfairly treated.

On Monday evening, the value of a barrel of West Texas Intermediate (WTI) oil, or Texas Light Sweet, declined to an unprecedented MINUS $40.32.

The huge impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on Britain's economy is starting to emerge, fresh data revealed today.

Norton Motorcycles' new owner has pledged to double its workforce and launch more products.

Interest rates look set to stay at rock bottom levels throughout this year and next amid warnings Britain faces the deepest recession for 'several centuries'.

Standard Life Aberdeen has pulled out of the World Economic Forum meetings in Davos because its chief executive believes the event is 'divisive' at a time when the world is ravaged by coronavirus.

The owner of Jackpotjoy and Virgin Games has become the first gambling firm to end television and radio advertising during the lockdown.

Another savings firm offering so-called mini-bonds has tumbled into administration, spelling potential disaster for investors.

Unilever is pressing ahead with its dividend despite warning that it faces a 'new normal' after the virus crisis subsides.

Banks are under pressure to ramp up their coronavirus rescue lending as the latest figures revealed just £2.8billion had been doled out to small businesses.

Just Eat's £6.2billion tie-up with Takeaway.com has been cleared by the competition watchdog.

Housebuilders were stacking up gains yesterday as investors hoped construction workers would soon be heading back to work.

AIM-listed companies raise £500million in less than a month to cope with coronavirus crisis The coronavirus crisis has brought more money to AIM as companies turn to investors for support.

Persimmonhas said it will restart construction work within days, following similar moves by other major housebuilders.

Britain's leading economic think-tank has sounded the alarm on household debt, warning many will be unable to pay it off due to the coronavirus pandemic.

Victoria's Secret is undertaking a radical revamp to escape its hyper-sexualised image and reverse its struggling fortunes.

The Chancellor is considering plans to offer 100 per cent government guarantees on loans to up to 1m of the UK's smallest firms following pressure from Tory MPs and the Bank of England.

Victims of Britain's biggest ever mis-selling scandal lodged more than 20,000 PPI claims per day against banks and other lenders in a huge rush to meet the final deadline, the City watchdog has revealed.

Textbook publisherPearsonhas pledged to pay out its dividend despite a drop in revenues.

Burberryhas taken a stand in the growing row over the Government's wage subsidies as it announced it was not prepared to tap up the taxpayers to pay furloughed staff.

Drivers with car finance deals and borrowers who have taken out payday loans will be able to request payment holidays to give them breathing space during the Covid-19 crisis.

Lloyds Bank is taking action to protect staff following reports of a spike in abuse by customers.

With oil prices tumbling, investors will be glued to the first-quarter results due out from BP and Shell on Tuesday and Thursday respectively.

The head of one of Britain's biggest housebuilders has urged the Government to set out an exit strategy to get the country moving again.

Frasers, the retail group owned by billionaire Mike Ashley, has sent a bombshell letter to suppliers asking for a 20 per cent discount on unpaid invoices for stock.

An American hedge fund giant has placed bets worth £275million against UK supermarket shares.

British supercar manufacturer McLaren has received a £300million cash injection from its shareholders to keep the wheels turning during the coronavirus pandemic.

Sainsbury's may have to bail out its own bank, analysts have said.

Britain's biggest department store chain John Lewis has drawn up a blueprint for reopening its shops that it will be ready to activate within weeks, The Mail on Sunday can reveal.

EasyJet is heading for its biggest showdown yet with its founder and majority owner Sir Stelios Haji-Ioannou amid growing speculation in the City that the airline may ask investors to stump up rescue cash.

He was hailed as a prophet who predicted the financial crisis.

Britain's airline industry is urging the Government to extend the £40 billion wage subsidy scheme as it warns of a 'cash crisis'.

Amazon will this week report sales of more than £7,500 per second in the first three months of this year as the virus crisis turbocharges online shopping.

Former Cath Kidston staff say they have been 'betrayed' after its owners refused to cover redundancy pay.

Chief executives at 18 FTSE 100 listed companies furloughing thousands of staff raked in over £300million, or over £3million each, in pay and rewards since 2015, new findings from the High Pay Centre claim.

The amount of money loaned to help British businesses through the pandemic is still well behind European levels, analysis has found.

Airbus has furloughed 3,200 UK staff after the boss said the firm is 'bleeding cash at an unprecedented speed'.

Up to 30,000 North Sea oil and gas jobs could be cut unless the Government steps up support, the industry claims.

Companies that axe dividends and accept Government support to survive the coronavirus pandemic should cut bosses' pay, a City investment group has warned.

Lloyds Bank has come under fire for its 'disappointing' efforts to help small businesses through the coronavirus crisis.

Testing has always been key to battling coronavirus.

A luxury mental health clinic that has treated some of Britain's top executives has seen a spike in the numbers seeking help since the coronavirus lockdown.

Cash-strapped firms struggling to secure emergency loans under a government scheme have been warned to steer clear of brokers charging thousands of pounds in fees to 'fast track' their application.

Easyjet's bosses are on course for a showdown with founder Sir Stelios Haji-Ioannou.

John Lewis seamstresses who usually sew curtains, pillows and duvets have turned their hand to making scrubs for the NHS.

Thousands of UK jobs could be at risk after Airbus warned it is 'bleeding cash' and may not survive the coronavirus crisis.

Estate agents have been accused of putting lives at risk by continuing to carry out viewings during the coronavirus outbreak.

The impact of coronavirus on the aircraft manufacturing industry will be felt for years, Boeing's chief executive has said.

The boss of Marks & Spencer is not taking a pay cut despite furloughing staff and cancelling its £210million final dividend.

The owner of P&O Ferries is pleading with the Government for a £150million bailout – as it prepares to hand shareholders nearly £270million.

Customers over 65 have doubled the amount they spend on online groceries since lockdown.

Up to 12,000 British Airways staff will be made redundant after its owner IAG racked up losses of £466million in the first quarter.

The founder of 'legal loan shark' Amigo has called a shareholder meeting to oust the entire board.

BP has handed savers and pensioners a lifeline by promising to pay a £1.7billion dividend despite profits slumping by two thirds.

Shifting ordinary life online as much as possible over the past few weeks has come at a great cost to many.

The Chancellor is being urged to shake up support for furloughed workers so that businesses can gradually bring them back on reduced hours.

Online sales atDixons Carphonesurged by 166 per cent in the five weeks to 25 April, as Britons stocked up on lockdown essentials like home office gear, cookware and entertainment.

HousebuilderPersimmonhas got back to work on its construction sites this week, amid a 'phased process' of reopening.

It is an iron rule on financial markets that no matter how awful a crisis may be, someone, somewhere, is making a profit.

Shares in Fever-Tree lost some of their fizz after co-founder and deputy chairman Charles Rolls announced he would bow out in June.

Britain's biggest drug makers expect the coronavirus crisis to last at least another three months – and possibly six.

Plane manufacturer Airbus described the Covid-19 pandemic as the 'gravest crisis the aerospace industry has ever known' as its arch-rival Boeing axed 15,000 jobs.

Shares around the world rallied as investors looked beyond grim economic figures from the United States and cheered an update on a potential Covid-19 treatment.

A bidding war has broken out over British make-up brand Charlotte Tilbury, with beauty giants Unilever, L’Oreal and Estee Lauder in the running to buy it.

The boss of Barclays has said having thousands of workers in one building 'may be a thing of the past' as he signalled a shift in the way the banking industry operates.

Lloyds Banking Groupsaw its first quarter profits practically wiped out as the financial impact of the coronavirus pandemic mounts.

Oil giant Royal Dutch Shell has decided to cut its shareholder dividend for the first time since the end of the Second World War following an unprecedented fall in both the value and purchase of petroleum due to the Covid-19 pandemic.

Britons are having less sex because of the virus lockdown, according to the maker of Durex condoms.

Turbulence on the stock market brought on by the coronavirus crisis has led to a surge in online trading.

Twitter revealed record numbers of new accounts but swung into a loss as the coronavirus crisis hit spending by advertisers.

Lloyds suffered a collapse in profits as it came under fire for its lacklustre lending under the Government's coronavirus aid packages.

Tesla boss Elon Musk has branded virus lockdown measures 'fascist' and warned they pose a 'serious risk' to his company.

Shell has cut its dividend for the first time since the Second World War in a 'devastating' blow to savers with pensions and other investments.

Ending the Government's near-£50billion wage subsidy scheme in June is 'tantamount to economic suicide' as firms will be forced to make mass redundancies without further help, according to business leaders.

The Covid-19 crisis is set to cost the British car industry more than £8billion – even if all the mothballed factories are reopened in just two weeks.

The coronavirus pandemic has caused 'substantial' chaos and disruption across Britain's manufacturing sector, new findings warn.

Desperate businesses battling to survive the Covid-19 crisis were given a glimmer of hope yesterday as the City watchdog vowed to take insurance companies to court.

Tesla shares fell by nearly 13 per cent after boss Elon Musk claimed the stock's price was 'too high'.

McDonald's will reopen 15 restaurants in the UK for takeaway and delivery from May 13.

The boss of Diageo’s Asia arm sold £746,000 worth of shares in the drinks maker.

Royal Bank of Scotland has set aside £802million to prepare for the coronavirus slump – taking provisions earmarked by the big five banks to cover bad loans to £6.9billion this week.

There are two distinct categories of virus.

Throughout history, major economic crises usually have a 'Black Monday'.

Easyjet founder Sir Stelios Haji-Ioannou has warned fellow shareholders their stakes will soon become 'worthless' unless they support his campaign to cancel a £4.5 billion Airbus order for new planes.

A skiing holiday provider faces legal action after backtracking on a promise to refund tickets for a cancelled festival.

The coronavirus crisis looks set to cost pension funds and savers nearly £85 billion in lost dividends.

Business leaders have suffered a record drop in confidence during the pandemic and fear the economic recovery will be slow, data suggests.

Rolls-Royce shares slumped nearly 7 per cent yesterday on reports it is planning to cut up to 8,000 jobs.

The accounting watchdog has launched an investigation into Ernst & Young (EY) over its audit of scandal-hit NMC Health.

Manufacturing activity in the eurozone has plummeted to a record low as factories closed to prevent the spread of coronavirus.

Cruise operator Carnival lost more steam after the US Congress began looking into how it handled the coronavirus outbreak on its ships.

O2 is in talks with rival Virgin Media about a potential £24 billion mega-merger, it was confirmed yesterday.

JCrew has filed for bankruptcy after collapsing under a £1.3 billion debt mountain.

Struggling businesses scrambled to get hold of new fast-track loans yesterday, bombarding Britain's biggest banks with more than 100,000 applications.

Hotel Chocolat said it saw a surge in online sales prior to Easter but this failed to make up for the damage caused by having to shut its shops in the face of coronavirus.

The bosses of two of Britain's biggest gambling companies have refused to take pay cuts despite using taxpayer money to prop up their businesses.

Ryanair saw passenger numbers plunge 99.6 per cent last month as it grounded the vast majority of its planes as a result of the coronavirus pandemic.

Shares in M&C Saatchi surged by more than a quarter after a tech industry veteran took a hefty stake in the advertising network.

Vodafone will be the biggest loser from the planned O2-Virgin Media merger and could seek to 'gatecrash' the deal, say industry experts.

UK cinemas could reopen as early as mid-July in time for the launch of the latest Christopher Nolan film, the boss of Vue has said.

Ocado is facing a shareholder revolt today over 'excessive' pay as its chairman is questioned over his independence.

Victims who lost millions of pounds in the London Capital & Finance (LCF) savings scandal will start finding out at the end of this month if they will be able to claim any compensation.

Beancounters must get better at flagging poor quality audits to avoid misleading shareholders and members of the public, the accounting regulator has warned.

Insurance giant Hiscox has turned to investors to raise up to £400million as it fights small firms over coronavirus payouts.

Online supermarketOcadohas seen its revenue surge over 40 per cent this quarter, as locked-down Britons get their shopping delivered to their doors.

Gatwick Airport is facing a crisis after Virgin Atlantic ended its operations there.

ITVsaw revenue from advertisements across its channels drop over 40 per cent in April, as swathes of businesses like airlines, holiday companies and cinemas remain stalled.

Virgin Money saw its underlying profits slashed by nearly 60 per cent in the first half, as it braces itself for a spate of bad loans triggered by the pandemic.

Shareholders gave Ocado a bloody nose in a revolt against boardroom excess after chief executive Tim Steiner landed a £59million payday.

Disney is planning to reopen its lucrative theme parks after the coronavirus crisis wiped £1billion off its quarterly profits.

Investors cheered as Hiscox netted £375million by selling new stock to help ride out the coronavirus crisis.

FTSE 100 closed up 1.4 per cent or 82.22 points at 5,935.98 and the pound was at $1.23 against the dollar.

BT has scrapped its dividend for the next two years as it copes with the fallout from the coronavirus lockdown and will instead increase its full fibre broadband rollout.

By any stretch of the imagination, the economic data that has been part of the top two or three nightly news items for the last six weeks has been colossally dreadful.

There was more pain for Rolls-Royce investors after the company furloughed 4,000 staff and slashed its sales target.

Tesla boss Elon Musk is set for a bonus of nearly £600million linked to his company’s soaring value.

BT will pay no annual dividend for first time since its privatisation in 1984, in the latest blow to savers and pension funds.

Virgin Media and O2 are merging to create a £31billion telecoms giant, their owners confirmed.

The owner of British Airways is hoping to put more planes in the air this summer but warned it will take until 2023 for business to return to normal.

Bank of England governor Andrew Bailey has put pressure on banks to ramp up lending amid fears firms are facing a £140billion cash flow crisis.

Ocadois worth more than Sainsbury’s, Morrisons and Marks & Spencer combined after coronavirus prompted a surge in food deliveries.

Uber's losses ballooned to £2.3billion between January and March as coronavirus travel restrictions hammered its taxi business.

The chief executive ofAnglo Americanhas been awarded stock worth £3.3million at current prices under a long-term performance scheme.

A top City airline analyst has told investors that easyJet may have to raise up to £1billion through a rights issue.

A former Bank of England interest rate-setter has warned that the country will have to keep printing money – despite fears this could lead to soaring inflation.

There's been plenty of head-scratching over atOmega Diagnostics, one of the biotech minnows whose share price has shot up on the back of its efforts to tackle the pandemic.

A decline in the professional services sector will produce one of the biggest hits to the Treasury's tax take, analysis for The Mail on Sunday reveals.

Airlines boss Willie Walsh is heading for an explosive showdown with MPs tomorrow over controversial plans for mass redundancies at British Airways while the group's Spanish division appears to have so far escaped the cull.

Pizza Express is 'highly likely' to launch a restructuring of its giant debt pile, despite organising a £70million loan last month.

When the news broke that Britain was going into lockdown, Mark Cribb admits his first reaction was to panic.

Amazon is circling the troubled owner of Odeon Cinemas, The Mail on Sunday can reveal.

Debenhams is battling with property giant Hammerson over its decision to hand five of the department store's beauty halls to rival Next last week, The Mail on Sunday can reveal.

Thrill seekers may never have to queue for white- knuckle rides again as theme parks draw up plans for a safe reopening.

Shopping centre giant Hammerson may tap investors for up to £500million to cope with the coronavirus crisis.

RBS will target young tenants when normality returns after the coronavirus crisis, The Mail on Sunday can reveal.

Morrisons is set to roll out the same-day delivery service it runs with Amazon to dozens of new stores by the end of this month.

The coronavirus crisis could put half of all steelworks in Britain and Europe out of production, trade body Eurofer has warned.

Foxtons is braced for a shareholder rebellion over the way it raised £22m from investors last month.

The number of visits Britons made to shops plunged by an massive 80.1 per cent last month as the country followed strict lockdown rules.

Cycling retailer Halfords has seen its share price surge 26 per cent the day after Prime Minister Boris Johnson gave an address to the nation recommending that people travel to work if they can by either cycling or walking.

The boss of Vauxhall has warned its factories will remain mothballed until it gets clarity from ministers over when showrooms will be able to reopen.

British Airways' owner could slash thousands more jobs as the airline industry faces its 'greatest crisis'.

Sir Richard Branson is selling a £400m stake in his space exploration business to prop up the rest of his ailing empire.

Halfords shares surged after Britons were advised to cycle to work.

The recent boom in online grocery sales will bring long-term gains for Ocado, Berenberg analysts believe.

Around 1,100 workers at P&O Ferries are to be made redundant as part of a plan to make the business 'viable and sustainable'.

Online knitting retailer Stitch & Story saw sales skyrocket 1,143 per cent in April as Britons turned to arts and crafts during lockdown.

The boss of BT has urged customers to 'be on your guard' after cyber criminals launched a wave of scams targeting customers staying at home.

Barclays' coronavirus lending meltdown has continued into its second week, leaving cash-strapped customers in despair.

Morrisons reported rising sales during its first quarter despite 'volatile' trading but said costs have also increased due to the coronavirus pandemic.

Kingfisher, the owner of B&Q and Screwfix, has seen sales slump despite rising demand for DIY products as stores remained closed until mid April due to the coronavirus lockdown.

Sales of goods across the UK plummeted by almost a fifth in April as the lockdown triggered the worst slump since records began.

Easyjet founder Sir Stelios Haji-Ioannou is offering £5million to anyone who can help him thwart a £4.5billion deal with Airbus.

Vodafone has swung back into profit and stuck by its £2.1billion dividend, despite pressures from the coronavirus crisis.

Britons keen to curl up in front of the TV and bake their own sourdough during lockdown boosted sales at appliances retailer AO World.

Taylor Wimpeywill be reopening its show homes and sales sites later this month, after the Government lifted restrictions on the property market last night.

High street stalwartMarks & Spenceris to reopen 49 of its cafes for takeaway hot drinks across the country from this Thursday.

It was a rollercoaster day for estate agencies and builders as the Government lifted restrictions that brought the housing market to a standstill.

Tesco boss Dave Lewis was paid £6.4million last year after the board boosted his bonus by removing Ocado from the supermarket's 'peer group'.

Twitter has told its staff they can work from home forever.

Desperate self-employed workers lodged more than 27,000 claims an hour for income support after the latest Covid-19 bailout was launched.

Airbus and Tui are set to slash thousands of jobs as planes around the world are grounded.

The trillions of pounds of extra debt which is being taken on by governments around the world will 'come back to haunt us', a top economist has warned.

Ford and Vauxhall are set to open their plants next week, with thousands of furloughed employees returning to work.

HousebuilderPersimmonwill reopen its sales sites to potential buyers tomorrow on Friday 15 May, beating rival Taylor Wimpey's planned reopening date of 22 May.

Aside from its medieval chapels and the ancient universities which have educated many of the country's elite, Cambridge and Oxford share another common attribute; they are the nation's top cycling cities.

Insurance market Lloyd's of London expects to shell out up to £3.5billion to customers claiming as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic.

Asia-focused insurance giantPrudentialhas seen its sales take a hit amid global lockdowns in the last few months, and its shares are down over 7 per cent today.

Saversploughed cash into their Hargreaves Lansdown accounts in the first four months of the year as they hoped to bag a bargain on the stock market.

Boohoo was set to raise £200million in new equity overnight as it prepares to snap up global fashion brands on the cheap.

Stock markets around the world tumbled as mounting concerns over a prolonged economic downturn rattled investors.

A British producer of coronavirus testing kits expects 'significant demand' to continue for the rest of the year and potentially into 2021.

BT is in talks to sell a multi-billion pound stake in Openreach, it was claimed last night.

Musicians and songwriters pocketed a record £810million from royalties payments last year.

McLaren is considering mortgaging its factory and historic racing car collection to help it survive the coronavirus crisis.

Those of a bearish persuasion have been queuing up to proclaim the recovery seen in the stock market since its low point in March as a massive 'bull trap'.

The boss of takeaway company Just Eat is joining Moneysupermarket as chief executive.

Germany, France and Italy have all plunged into recession as the eurozone endured its biggest slump since the launch of the single currency.

BT's bosses have bought shares in the telecoms group worth more than £2.5million.

Royal Mail has parachuted a veteran of industrial disputes into the top job after the abrupt departure of its chief executive.

BT began to bounce back off near-record lows as rumours circulated that it was selling a stake in its Openreach engineering arm.

Workers in the private sector are set for a year of stagnant wages and few chances to move, as pay and hiring suffer the fallout from coronavirus.

The Government is considering banning dividends at companies which take out taxpayer-backed loans in the coronavirus crisis.

Visits to Britain's shops plunged by a record 85 per cent last month.

Pubs, cafes and restaurants on the brink of collapse have sent a symbolic key to their MPs to protest that landlords are charging rent throughout the lockdown.

GlaxoSmithKline hailed a major breakthrough after its revolutionary injection to prevent HIV thrashed the standard treatment in a clinical trial.

Uber has announced it is axing another 3,000 jobs – taking the total it has cut during the virus crisis to 6,700.

The FTSE 100 surged above 6000 last night amid hopes that a coronavirus vaccine and more stimulus measures could power an economic recovery.

Intu is pleading for relief from creditors after plunging rent payments have left it facing a cash crunch.

Ryanair expects the number of passengers it flies will halve this year and is braced to rack up a loss of at least £180m in the first quarter.

Legal & General has come under renewed pressure to suspend its dividend amid estimates it is sitting on as much as £10 billion of bond market losses.

The competition watchdog has urged the Government to bring in emergency laws preventing firms bumping up the prices of items like hand sanitiser and face masks during the coronavirus pandemic.

Carluccio's will be rescued from administration by the owner of the Giraffe restaurant chain.

The annual Isa tax allowance should be doubled to £40,000 to encourage people to invest in rebuilding the economy after the ravages of coronavirus, the boss of one of the UK's biggest fund managers said last night.

Large businesses will be able to borrow up to £200million as the Government has quadrupled the size of loans available, but those taking them up will have to stop paying dividends and limit executive pay and bonuses.

Compass Group shares dropped after it detailed plans for the biggest fundraising since the coronavirus crisis began.

One in ten retailers are facing collapse and will not survive another month of the coronavirus lockdown, with French Connection among the latest to sound the alarm.

Firms that borrow emergency taxpayer-backed loans will have to rein in executive bonuses and cancel dividend payouts in a crackdown on fat cat pay.

Norwegian Air has secured a £221million state-backed loan after completing a huge refinancing that virtually wiped out existing shareholders.

Marks & Spencer has warned it may shut more shops to survive in the post-pandemic world, as it grapples with a growing mountain of unsold clothes.

Credit checker Experian was the top riser on the FTSE 100 yesterday despite warning turnover could be about to dip.

Companies struggling because of the crisis will get extra protection from aggressive debt collectors under new laws proposed today.

The Bank of England is being sued over allegations that it has refused to hand over $1billion of gold bullion to the Venezuelan central bank.

Harry Potter publisher Bloomsbury has warned that book sales could plunge by as much as 65 per cent.

Few companies are more critical to Britain's manufacturing future than aero-engine giant Rolls-Royce.

Matalan tycoon John Hargreaves is suing PwC over claims the accounting firm gave him bad advice before he relocated to Monaco over how he would be able to avoid tax.

Premier Inn owner Whitbread is looking to raise over £1billion from its shareholders via a rights issue in a bid to strengthen its balance sheet.

Investing platformAJ Bellhas seen a surge in demand from Britons looking to cash-in on the stock market slump caused by the coronavirus crisis, new figures suggest.

AJ Bell has pulled in a record number of savers as Britons rushed to snap up cheap shares following the stockmarket rout.

Lloyds Bank was hit by a investor rebellion yesterday as more than a third of voting shareholders railed against its boss’s pay.

Amazon has been accused of peddling 'patently false' information to boost its case for investing in Deliveroo.

Markets were downbeat after a slew of figures laid bare the challenge facing governments as they try to revive their economies.

Pets  at Home is reopening its puppy parlours for grooming as it prepares to work through a waiting list of around 45,000 dogs.

Easyjet is braced for a dramatic showdown today with its founder Sir Stelios Haji-Ioannou as he attempts to oust four directors.

The accounts of fashion chain Jigsaw's owner have been qualified by its auditors, the Daily Mail can reveal.

Sales at FTSE 100-listed fashion firmBurberrydropped by over a quarter in the three months to the end of March, its latest results show.

The firm that owns coach holiday provider Shearings has collapsed with the loss of 2,500 jobs, in the latest blow to the travel industry.

Easyjet'soutspoken founder Sir Stelios Haji-Ioannou has suffered a bruising defeat after he failed to oust four of the airline's directors.

Hundreds of High Street shops are expected to close after the lockdown ends, as retailers endured the worst month on record.

Kurt Geiger shoes will be quarantined for 24 hours after customers try them on, as part of plans to reopen some stores next month.

China's decision to abandon a key economic target and rising tensions with the US cast a pall over stock markets as the week drew to a close.

More than 1,000 staff at Carluccio's have been laid off after the Italian restaurant chain was bought out of administration.

Burberrybecame the latest blue-chip company to cancel its dividend in an attempt to absorb a £241million hit from the pandemic.

Independent traders are moving into vacant high street stores across parts of London in a bet that people will shop more locally when the coronavirus lockdown ends.

Aerospace giant GKN is offering voluntary redundancy to thousands of staff – raising fears that it is planning sweeping job cuts.

Pizza Express could permanently close scores of its 470 UK restaurants.

A fund run by Christopher Mills has quietly built up a stake in AIM-listedUrban Exposure, which provides finance to property developers.

The executive at the centre of Marks & Spencer's biggest strategic gamble for decades has written to staff to warn that all eyes will be on the retailer's new venture with Ocado which launches in 100 days.

Netflix looked at buying the second largest cinema chain in the US before it was snapped up by British group Cineworld for £2.4billion, The Mail on Sunday can reveal.

Canadian tycoon Lawrence Stroll has paved the way for Aston Martin to invest up to £200million in his Formula 1 team over the next five years, documents show.

The AA drove its former boss to assault a colleague because the breakdown service failed to address his mental health problems, it has been claimed.

Tony Blair's favourite banker is set to leave one of the City's most powerful firms.

Robert Tchenguiz is embroiled in a vicious spat with powerful City stockbrokers after his multi-million pound bet on the transport giant FirstGroup turned sour.

When Boris Johnson ordered Britain's pubs to close, Fuller's boss Simon Emeny was in full flow.

Relaxing the two-metre social distancing rule in restaurants and pubs could save 'thousands' of jobs, says the boss of the firm behind Wagamama and Frankie & Benny's.

Aston Martin has confirmed today that boss Andy Palmer is leaving the business as part of a boardroom shake-up to restore its flagging fortunes.

The creation of a £25 billion sovereign wealth fund is being actively considered by ministers to reboot regional companies in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic.

Volkswagen is preparing for a potential surge in camper van sales as middle-class Britons plan a summer of socially-distanced staycations.

The boss of Marks & Spencer has bowed to pressure and slashed his bonuses after ditching dividends worth £470million.

Volkswagen must buy back the diesel cars it sold equipped with software to evade emissions testing from their owners, a German court ruled yesterday.

Rolls-Royce is demanding price cuts of up to 15 per cent from hundreds of smaller suppliers as the coronavirus crisis hammers the aerospace industry.

Astrazeneca's bid to produce the world's first Covid-19 vaccine is facing a moment of truth, with results from a major trial expected within weeks.

The Bangladeshi factories that supply retail billionaire Philip Day with clothes have threatened to halt deliveries until he stumps up £27million he allegedly owes.

Successive governments, since the Thatcher years, have lived in fear of the state taking stakes in troubled private sector firms.

HSBC is set to intensify the biggest shake-up in its 155-year history, putting even more jobs at risk.

Record label Warner Music Group could be valued at almost £11billion in its upcoming stock market listing.

The accountancy watchdog has launched yet another inquiry into PwC and KPMG – this time over their audits of Eddie Stobart Logistics.

The boss of Vauxhall has warned its factories may not be operating at full tilt again until the end of the year, with thousands of staff likely to remain furloughed for months.

British retailers were finally back on the front foot yesterday after Prime Minister Boris Johnson set a date for them to reopen.

British supercar maker McLaren is cutting more than a quarter of its workforce as it battles to survive the coronavirus crisis.

Shares in travel firms soared amid signs that lockdown restrictions across Europe might finally be easing – paving the way for the summer holiday season to begin.

The bell finally tolled for Aston Martin boss Andy Palmer as the company confirmed his ousting yesterday.

John Lewis has announced that the first of its department stores to reopen on 15 June will be those in Kingston upon Thames and Poole.

The FTSE 100 hit an 11-week high as hopes that normality is in sight put a rocket under travel and engineering shares.

Office space firm IWG last night launched a £315million shares placing and invited small shareholders to take part.

Grocery sales are rising at the fastest rate for more than quarter of a century as shoppers flock online and to local stores during the Covid-19 lockdown.

Boohoo has fought back against a short-selling attack by a financier known as the 'Dark Destroyer'.

Cineworldis banking on getting all its cinemas across Britain open in July and has seen it share price rocket by nearly a quarter today.

Mostsmall and medium-sized firmsbelieve the coronavirus will continue to have a major effect in the coming three months, despite indications from anew surveythat business is recovering already.

The department store chain Debenhams has said 'hundreds' of its head-office staff have been axed following a failed attempt by part-owner Mike Ashley's Frasers Group to force an investigation into the company's finances.

Glaxosmithkline has delivered a major boost in the search for Covid-19 vaccines, vowing to pump out one billion doses of a special chemical to improve their effectiveness.

Easyjet shares took off after it became the latest airline to unveil savage job cuts.

More than £400billion has been added to the value of UK shares in the past ten weeks as the stock market rebounded off its coronavirus lows.

Natwest owner RBS has been ordered to repay £2.2million to 36,000 young customers who were slapped with unarranged over-draft charges.

The playboy son of Boohoo's chairman is in line for a £300million windfall after the online retail group revealed plans to take full control of his trendy fashion business.

A quarter of Britain’s manufacturers plan to cut jobs over the next six months, according to an industry poll.

Bahamas Petroleum zoomed 126 per cent to 3p after inking a deal that sets in stone the start of operations for an exploration project.

Dealmaking appears to be returning to the property sector as investors look to bag a bargain during the market slump.

Boris Johnson has been urged to crack down on firms which furlough staff who they expect to fire anyway, after the Prime Minister described the behaviour as 'cynical'.

The boss of one of Britain's challenger banks has hit out at the Treasury for failing to include smaller lenders when it was setting up its lifeline loan scheme for small businesses.

Britain's national debt is set to hit £2 trillion for the first time as the cost of the Covid-19 pandemic soars.

The world's second-biggest tickets seller has been accused of penalising customers who seek refunds because of the coronavirus crisis.

Shares in Rolls-Royce tumbled nearly 15 per cent after a cut to its credit rating plunged it even deeper into crisis.

One quarter of British manufacturers say they plan to lay off workers in the next six months.

Tesla tycoon Elon Musk's £600m bonus is part of what could become a £45billion bonanza, documents show.

Some of Britain's biggest business names face relegation from the FTSE 100 after the Covid-19 pandemic sent their shares plunging.

BT has launched a search for startups to help it become greener as it seeks to electrify its fleet of 34,000 vans.

Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has backed a British freight logistics firm in a £12m fundraising.

Primark is getting its 153 stores in England ready to reopen on 15 June in line with Government directives, but will not do any 'special' discounts on clothes.

One year since investors in Neil Woodford's flagship £3.7billion fund found themselves facing uncertainty when it froze their savings inside, little has changed.

Balfour Beatty has cancelled its dividend and warned that Covid-19 will impact its finances.

Pret a Manger is overhauling its business as office workers stay at home – starving the coffee-and-sandwich shop of sales.

Playtech's boss asked his staff to take a pay cut weeks before the gambling software company tried to drive a £2.9million pay package past shareholders.

Primark's owner was cheered by investors yesterday as it became the latest major chain to announce reopening plans.

The City watchdog has ordered four Cypriot trading firms to give customers their money back after finding they used fake celebrity endorsements.

The UK's largest private sector retirement fund is to ditch investments in 'financially unsuitable' sectors including coal, tobacco and arms manufacturing.

Amigo Loans is being investigated by the City watchdog over whether it broke rules surrounding responsible lending.

Tesco's chief financial officer Alan Stewart is to leave his role next year after helping improve the supermarket's fortunes following a controversy that wiped billions of pounds off its value.

On this day last year, hundreds of thousands of investors who had entrusted their life savings to revered fund manager Neil Woodford discovered their money was trapped.

The struggling company behind Hunter Wellington boots has raised a £16.5million cash injection from a Goldman Sachs fund to see it through the crisis.

British Gas owner Centrica, Easyjet, Carnival and Meggitt will drop out of the FTSE 100 this month after their shares tanked during the pandemic.

Drastic price cuts caused by the coronavirus crisis have begun even before shops open their doors, according to figures released today.

The company behind Frankie & Benny's and Wagamama restaurants is gearing up to tell staff that a large number of its sites will not reopen after lockdown, it has been reported.

HSBC has publicly supported the controversial new national security law which China is imposing on Hong Kong – putting it at loggerheads with the UK Government.

Travelodge has confirmed it is going ahead with a controversial plan to slash costs and protect the jobs of its 10,000 staff.

The boss of Marks & Spencer has collected £143,000 of shares despite the retailer falling out of the FTSE 100 and cancelling dividends.

British Airways could be stripped of lucrative landing slots at Heathrow Airport after it was accused of abusing the Government's furloughing scheme.

Food delivery giants are forcing restaurants to pay high commission rates and risk driving many out of business, traders have warned.

The meeting of the world's self-styled elite in the Swiss town of Davos will go ahead next January despite the pandemic.

Close to half of all Frankie & Benny's restaurants will not reopen after the lockdown is lifted – which will mean up to 3,000 job losses.

Tour operator Tui has struck a deal with aircraft maker Boeing for compensation over the 737 Max plane, netting a cash bonus to fight the impact of the pandemic.

The FTSE 100 has rallied to its highest level in three months as downtrodden travel stocks continue a comeback.

The FTSE has fallen back today and closed down 0.64 per cent or 40.97 points to 6,341.44, despite an update from the European Central Bank that it would keep current interest rates in place and inject another €600billion into the Pandemic Emergency Purchase Programme, its QE bond scheme.

While relegation and promotion among the British football leagues remains on hold a matter of fierce debate, no such uncertainty clouds the London stock market.

Embattled department store giant Debenhams has announced that 50 of its establishments will reopen on 15 June after more than two months of being shut as a result of coronavirus lockdown restrictions.

New Look has been thrashing out terms on an £80million loan facility with its bank ahead of a deadline at the end of this month.

The Bank of England looks likely to ramp up its money-printing programme to almost £1trillion over the next year, experts are predicting.

Struggling airlines have tapped up the Bank of England for almost £2billion in emergency state-backed loans as they try to weather the coronavirus crisis.

Just 50 Debenhams stores will reopen in England on June 15 as coronavirus restrictions are eased.

The proposed £12.7billion takeover of Tiffany by the owner of Louis Vuitton has been thrown into doubt by the Covid-19 pandemic.

Car maker Aston Martin and dealership Lookers sped in opposite directions as they announced a total of 2,000 job cuts.

Fever-Tree shop sales spiked by a quarter as Britons sipped gin at home.

Through the interminable weeks of the lockdown, Bicester Village has been like a retail Brigadoon.

HSBC and other British firms are facing a growing backlash for supporting Chinese national security laws in Hong Kong that critics have warned will erode the city's freedoms.

Office space supplierWorkspace Grouphas announced a 10 per cent increase in its dividend despite registering a 47 per cent fall in pre-tax profits and a 'significant slowdown' in new enquiries since the coronavirus lockdown started.

Revolution Bars is to take a walk on the wild side as it plans to join AIM to benefit from quicker and cheaper fundraisings.

The City regulator has banned lucrative incentives pocketed by financial advisers amid fears of a pension mis-selling scandal.

Persimmonboss Dave Jenkinson has cashed out £2.2million of shares as he prepares to leave.

Stock markets around the world soared to three month highs as the US jobs market sprang back into life.

Bentley is cutting a quarter of its workforce – taking job losses in the car industry to 5,000 in just weeks.

HSBCinvestors are under fire for their silence over the bank's decision to back controversial laws imposed by China on Hong Kong.

A family investment vehicle backed by the world's richest banker is weighing a takeover bid for airport currency giant Travelex.

Seven companies withdrew from the Bank of England loans scheme last week, prompting speculation they did not want their names to be made public.

City dealmaker Amanda Staveley was promised six times that she was entitled to the same fees as the Qataris who helped rescue Barclays in 2008, court papers claim.

Billionaire hotelier Surinder Arora has always seen himself as a 'Mr Optimistic', but the Government's plan to introduce 14-day quarantine rules tomorrow is casting a cloud over his business.

The UK boss of the world's largest automotive supplier has reassured his staff about their jobs despite the car industry facing a bloodbath.

Ten weeks is a long time in a crisis.

Online fashion phenomenon Boohoo has been criticised for a massive £50million bonus plan for its chief executive as its share price soars in the Covid-19 crisis.

One of Britain's most powerful investors has forecast that share prices will be 'higher by the end of the year'.

The owner of the Trafford Centre and Lakeside shopping malls is running out of time to strike a deal with lenders, sources said last night.

In what would be the largest healthcare deal on record,AstraZenecahas approached its US rival Gilead Sciences to discuss a merger.

Go Ahead travel group is launching an app today to help passengers avoid busy buses.

Emergency coronavirus lending schemes backed by the Government and Bank of England could leave businesses with £36billion in debt they cannot repay, experts warn.

Ministers are being urged to curb Chinese involvement in Britain's nuclear power plants as relations with Beijing sour.

As the virus crisis fades for now at least, an old friend is once again in the financial markets driving seat.

UK stock markets have cooled off after last week's surge, which was helped by a better-than-expected US jobs report.

Britain's audit watchdog has ended a six-year investigation into Tesco's accounts in relation to the supermarket's £260million overstatement of profits between 2012 and 2014.

Fashion firm Mulberry is considering cutting its workforce by a quarter after demand for its luxury products was hammered by the coronavirus lockdown.

Mulberry is to axe a quarter of its workforce as the coronavirus crisis hits luxury fashion.

Frankie & Benny's owner The Restaurant Group (TRG) is in talks with its landlords as it looks to close more than 100 sites.

Pockets of British industry are vulnerable to Chinese predators looking to snap up bargains in the coronavirus crisis, according to a leading business group.

The bitter row between Easyjet and its founder flared up yesterday as two more board members quit.

BP is slashing 10,000 jobs as the coronavirus crisis sparks a brutal clear-out of senior management and white-collar staff.

Pub groups were on the rise as investors cheered moves to reopen the hospitality sector.

Pearson, the FTSE100-listed education company, has teamed up with Harrow to enable British and overseas students to attend the top public school from their own homes.

The Tory chairman of the transport committee is attempting to harness support from MPs as he steps up his attack on British Airways over its treatment of staff.

Amigo Holdings is in hot water after revealing customer complaints are rocketing and its potential buyer has backed away.

Double glazing firm Everest has been rescued from administration through a controversial 'pre-pack' deal – but 188 jobs will still be axed.

Optimism in global markets gave way to gloom yesterday as the painful impact of the coronavirus became clearer.

Cunard has extended the suspension of its cruise sailings until November due to the pandemic.

More than a year of sustained protests inHong Kongagainst the heavy hand of Beijing and socio-economic inequality have changed everything.

A top US official has blasted HSBC for its 'corporate kowtows' to Beijing.

Online supermarket Ocado last night launched a £1billion fundraising.

The economy has started to recover from the depths that it plumbed during the lockdown.

The British Business Bank (BBB) has had to grow up very fast in the pandemic.

Shares in Shaftesbury tumbled after the West End landlord reported a £287million loss.

The owner of British Airways has been referred by trade union leaders to the European competition watchdog over its 1bn euro (£890million) takeover of a Spanish airline.

Salisbury today became the first city in the UK to have universal access to ultra-fast fibre broadband.

The owner of British Gas has become the latest major company to axe thousands of jobs in the wake of the Covid-19 crisis.

Pascal Soriot is on a mission.

Forty-eight FTSE 100 firms have slashed dividends – in a huge blow to investors and savers.

Shoe lovers have another reason to splurge at Kurt Geiger when its stores reopen next week – it is donating its entire first month's profit following lockdown to the NHS.

Just Eat Takeaway has sealed a £5.8billion merger with Grubhub that will hand the European delivery giant a slice of the lucrative US market.

Hundreds of shops are busily preparing for a stampede of customers on Monday when they fling open their doors for the first time since lockdown.

Fantasy miniatures companyGames Workshopsaid the business had experienced a 'better than expected' recovery since reopening the majority of its shops.

Pearson surged on hopes an activist investor will help the education publisher turn the page on a dismal few years.

Dennis the Menace and other comic strip characters will help teach children about money and the economy under a schools programme.

Pubs, theatres, housebuilders and car makers were among the worst hit after the coronavirus lockdown delivered an 'unprecedented' blow to the economy.

Mike Ashley's Frasers Group – the owner of Sports Direct – has bought a £97m stake in Hugo Boss as part of plans to take his retail empire upmarket.

Games Workshop will repay Government support after performing better than expected through lockdown.

High Street landlords face a reckoning as coronavirus leads to a 'new reality', according to a senior Primark executive.

High Street chains have reopened their stores today with up to 70 per cent reductions as they tempt shoppers back.

The boss of British Airways has gone to war with Tory MPs as he launched an impassioned defence of plans to axe 12,000 furloughed staff.

MPs have called on the Government to bail out the 'forgotten million' people locked out of coronavirus support packages.

Optimistic home sellers are bumping up asking prices despite the coronavirus crash that has hit the economy, new figures from Rightmove show.

Car competition companyBest of the Best (BOTB)says it has seen its revenues jump by a fifth in the last year following its move to become a 'fully digital' business.

Jaguar Land Rover is slashing another 1,100 jobs after the coronavirus crisis caused it to burn through an estimated £2billion.

Easyjet is considering legal action against its outspoken founder Sir Stelios Haji-Ioannou in the latest twist in the boardroom bust-up.

Savings rates have plunged to the lowest level on record during the Covid-19 crisis with the average account paying just 0.27 per cent.

Unilever is giving £900m to projects to tackle climate change and other environmental issues.

Global stock markets were rattled by fears a second wave of coronavirus infections could be on the horizon.

Hammerson faces a complete overhaul of its top team as its chairman follows the chief executive through the exit.

Travis Perkins is axing around 2,500 jobs and shutting 165 stores.

Private equity baron Jon Moulton has, for years, been one of the titans of the industry.

Fears are growing that BP will cut its dividend after warning that it will take a one-off hit of up to £14billion.

The UK's top banking lobbyist has resigned over highly derogatory comments made about Amanda Staveley during the financial crisis.

Greggs is to reopen around 800 stores from tomorrow – and will be welcoming sausage roll fans to the remaining 1,000 sites by early July.

Fashion chain Joules has tumbled into the red following the closure of its 128 stores.

Gambling giant William Hill has launched a £200million fundraising.

Investors breathed a sigh of relief after equipment rental giant Ashtead pledged to pay out its £151million final dividend.

Pressure is mounting on ministers to ditch UK's quarantine policy as the first German tourists jetted off on their summer holidays.

Poundstretcher has threatened to shut more than 250 stores if landlords refuse to agree to rent cuts or holidays.

Boohoohas once again bucked the trend for dismal news in the world of retail, posting strong quarterly results, seeing its share price rise to a new high and snapping up the defunct online operations of Oasis and Warehouse.

HSBC has restarted a three-year plan to reduce its employee numbers by 35,000 to 200,000 that had been postponed due to the coronavirus pandemic.

Bosses of FTSE 100 firms have been accused of 'virtue signalling' by reinstating their full salaries as millions face the dole.

The founder of Amigo has thrown in the towel, promising to back away from the controversial lender after he failed to unseat the company's board.

Printer De La Rue will end production at its Gateshead factory that has made the UK’s passports for the past decade, putting 260 jobs at risk.

Rolls-Royce could cut up to 4,500 jobs in the East Midlands as it grapples with the fallout of the crisis.

Delivery group DPD is hiring 6,000 new staff as it battles to keep up with soaring demand from online shoppers since lockdown.

Carnival warned there is more pain to come after it dived to a record £3.5billion loss in the second quarter.

London shares sagged after the Bank of England disappointed investors with its latest stimulus plan.

Firms that rake in huge profits have come under pressure to hand back taxpayer's cash for furloughed staff, after Taylor Wimpey became the latest big employer to vow to return the money.

Engineering firm John Wood Group says it forecasts like-for-like profits falling by 19 per cent in the first half of 2020 due to the coronavirus pandemic and the related collapse in oil prices.

There has been 'rampant fundraising activity' on AIM this year, and the junior market has been well and truly open for business during lockdown, according to data compiled by City broker Allenby.

Tescois facing an investor revolt over a controversial decision to change its pay rules and hand outgoing boss Dave Lewis a bumper £6.4million package.

Conference and trade show organiserHyve Grouphas been forced to cancel the biggest event in its calendar amid the ongoing Covid-19 turmoil.

Talk Talkboard member Roger Taylor spent £1.4million buying stock in the telecoms group.

The American owner of Cobham is laying the groundwork for a potential break-up of the British defence giant by splitting it into nine separate divisions.

Chancellor's Rishi Sunak's former boss has made more than £100million from the collapse of German digital payments firm Wirecard.

HSBC faces a £1.3billion legal claim for its involvement in a Disney film financing scheme set up to avoid tax.

Taxpayer-owned Royal Bank of Scotland was last night accused of 'scandalous' behaviour after the High Court decided it was involved in a £45million VAT fraud.

A cannabis tycoon dubbed 'Dr Pot' and his business partner earned £13million last year as their company's medicinal drugs were approved for use by the NHS.

Stockbrokers have come under pressure in the coronavirus crisis as deals have dried up.

Three major business lobby groups have demanded cuts to National Insurance bills in the mini-Budget next month.

A court has shut down live footage of the tense case between Amanda Staveley and Barclays bank that was broadcast for almost two weeks.

The owner of British Airways could be looking to raise up to £1.5billion of fresh cash, investors say.

Should Chinese firms be allowed to take charge of building vital parts of Britain's infrastructure, such as our 5G phone networks and nuclear power plants in Suffolk and Essex?

The investor known in the City as 'Evil Knievil' has taken out a bet against stock market darling Boohoo.

Construction firms are calling for a holiday from a £180million-a-year levy that they are due to begin paying as soon as next month.

One of Britain's most powerful investors has told bosses to take the axe to their bloated pay packets first if they intend to cut costs by slashing jobs.

Saudi Arabia's sovereign wealth fund has snapped up shares in BT as it searches for stockmarket bargains.

One third of FTSE 100 firms still do not have a single minority ethnic director, damning figures show.

JD Sports has confirmed it is looking at a number of options for its struggling subsidiary Go Outdoors as it filed for court protection to keep the firm's creditors at bay.

The creative director of upmarket Wellington boots brand Hunter is to leave just weeks after it raised emergency cash.

Ministers are set to introduce new rules to protect firms that are critical to public health from foreign takeovers.

The temporary boss of Mothercare is to leave by the end of the month 'to pursue other opportunities'.

Nikhil Rathi, the boss of the London Stock Exchange, has been appointed as the new chief executive of the Financial Conduct Authority.

Sir Alex Ferguson and Sven-Goran Eriksson are suing HSBC over a failed film investment scheme.

Saga is embarking on a £20m cost-cutting drive as the coronavirus pandemic crisis squeezes its holiday and travel insurance businesses.

The London Stock Exchange's £24billion takeover of Refinitiv is under threat after European regulators referred the deal for an in-depth competition probe.

Shares in troubled Amigo Holdings have plunged to a record low as customer complaints flood in.

Eager investors piled into Capita after it confirmed it is lining up the sale of a lucrative IT arm.

An outsider has been chosen to run the City watchdog – with interim boss Chris Woolard shunned by the Treasury.

Chapel Down said it had increased its online sales 16-fold during lockdown.

Fears are mounting over job cuts at Pret a Manger after a leaked video revealed dire sales in lockdown.

Two years ago, Wirecard was being hailed as one of Germany's great technology stars.

Some shopping centres around the UK may have to close down after landlord Intu warned it may fall into administration if it cannot reach a deal with its lenders.

Rightmove has announced it is extending the discount it gives to estate agents over the summer to help them weather the Covid crisis and expects that to take up to £20million out its annual revenues.

Green shoots in the housing market have failed to win over Rightmove investors as the property listings site warned it is likely to take another £20million hit to revenues this year.

Shares in Cineworld rose 22.5 per cent after cinemas were told they could reopen in England from July 4.

The Covid-19 pandemic has 'positively influenced'Naked Wines'bottom line, the company revealed today.

The coronavirus crisis is set to wipe £10trillion off the global economy as it triggers a deeper recession than previously feared, according to the International Monetary Fund.

Easyjet has gone cap in hand to shareholders to raise up to £450million as it scrambles to shore up its finances.

The new Waitrose boss has waded into the row over US trade talks by calling for ministers not to compromise food standards.

The boss of Pure Gym has slammed Boris Johnson for sidelining his promise to tackle obesity and allowing pubs to reopen before fitness chains.

German payments company Wirecard has filed for insolvency as it finds itself embroiled in a major accounting scandal.

The corporate firefighter brought in to turn around Royal Mail is facing a bruising battle with Britain's biggest trade union after announcing plans to axe around 2,000 management jobs.

In the darkest hours of the Second World War, the Churchill-led coalition government embarked on the bravest of enterprises.

Investors piled into Mitie after it unveiled plans to form the UK's biggest support services group through a deal with Interserve.

A major doorstep lending group has warned its future hangs in the balance because of the effects of the coronavirus pandemic.

When it comes to bailing out firms affected by Covid-19, Rishi Sunak is no pushover.

Investors should brace themselves for another coronavirus crash, theInternational Monetary Fundhas warned.

Wirecard has become the latest in a lengthy list of companies to find itself embroiled in a major accounting scandal.

Electric planes are touted as the future of air travel, allowing us to continue jetting off while protecting the planet.

Will the next generation of esports stars learn to bend it like Beckham?

Nike has lost its footing during the coronavirus pandemic, as online sales failed to offset the damage caused by physical store closures.

Some of Britain's biggest shopping centres face closure, which threatens to pull the shutters down on a retail recovery.

Aston Martin shares dived after the luxury car maker went cap in hand to investors yet again.

Tony Pidgley, a titan of the housebuilding industry, has died at the age of 72 after a life that was a genuine tale of rags to great riches.

Boohoo bosses – including the chairman's son – could bag a £150m bonus under an incentive scheme it plans to push through.

Tesco shareholders inflicted one of the biggest-ever FTSE 100 pay revolts on the supermarket group yesterday.

Tesco sales surged between March and May, helped by a near doubling of online sales, as the supermarket ramped up its capacity in the face of spiking demand for groceries during the coronavirus lockdown.

A former owner of Flybe has criticised the Government for failing to bail out the regional airline in January – just months before issuing hundreds of millions of pounds to a rival that opposed the rescue deal.

Fashion giant Next is poised to bring forward its highly anticipated summer promotion – in an effort to manage demand at its shops.

One of Britain's top hedge fund managers has made at least £75million from the demise of the owner of the Trafford Centre shopping mall.

A second major investor has hit out at HSBC for backing China's crackdown onHong Kong.

Russian billionaire Sergey Petrov is scouting the City for potential deals that could include an acquisition of one of Britain's biggest car dealerships.

BT has claimed that Boris Johnson's plan to give all Britons superfast broadband by 2025 will require a 'Herculean effort' as doubts grow about the ambitious target.

Union leaders are 'delusional' if they believe British Airways does not need to make deep cuts to survive, City analysts have said.

Ministers have an 'unacceptably weak understanding' of problem gambling – and the 'toothless' industry regulator needs a radical overhaul, a key committee of MPs has warned.

An investment firm led by a dealmaker that has shelled out thousands of pounds to meet the Prime Minister is weighing a £100million sale of a pensions advisory company it owns.

Heathrow says it may make thousands of compulsory job cuts if talks over pay with the unions break down tomorrow.

Companies taking taxpayer support have been urged to narrow the gap between bosses' and workers' pay to help the economy recover post-Covid.

Turnover plunged by a fifth at the Cambridge Satchel Company despite the bag brand launching a new design and running an advert in fashion bible Vogue.

Manufacturing will not recover from the coronavirus crisis until 2022, industry body Make UK has warned.

The investor that torpedoed Intu's survival hopes is keen to flog the Trafford Centre in a quick sale, according to reports.

Shares in construction firm Kier Group soared this morning after the UK government launched a decade-long plan to rebuild schools.

Aircraft manufacturer Airbus is expected to cut thousands of jobs and reduce its production levels by 40 per cent in the next couple of years, union sources told Reuters.

Lookers uncovered a £19million hole in its accounts after a fraud probe found the car dealer had been exaggerating profits for several years.

Indivior's boss is to leave the scandal-hit drugs firm with a financial package worth as much as £2.3million.

Max Factor-owner Coty has snapped up a 20 per cent stake in Kim Kardashian West's beauty line KKW for £162million.

Hunting will cut 25 per cent of its global workforce after business dived during the second quarter.

Synthesiser manufacturers Roland and Korg have been fined a total of £5.5million for breaking competition law.

But the costs associated with its decision to scale back its London operations and the wider impact of Covid will drag profits 'substantially' lower this year, the company said.

Japanese chain YO!

Big companies are facing pressure to hand back taxpayer cash used to furlough their staff after the support scheme's cost topped £25billion.

One of the UK's biggest fund managers has rolled out the red carpet for its new boss with a pay package worth up to £6.3million – almost £2million more than the man he is replacing.

The FTSE 100 has clocked up its best quarter for a decade as it rebounded from the Covid crash.

Plane maker Airbus will axe 15,000 jobs worldwide as it struggles to survive the coronavirus crisis.

Gold funds have been a beacon of hope for investors amid the coronavirus market turmoil this year.

Families rushing to book holidays have lifted On the Beach as lockdown restrictions begin to ease.

Shares in train station and airport cafe operator SSP came under pressure as it became the latest company to lay off workers because of the plunge in travel.

Tesla has raced past Toyota to become the world's most valuable car company.

Sir Richard Branson is set to pump £200million of emergency cash immediately into Virgin Atlantic as it races to secure a £1billion rescue deal.

The coronavirus crisis will herald an era of ultra-cheap European holidays, says the boss of Ryanair.

Hungarian airlineWizz Airflew about 100,000 more passengers in June than Ryanair, though both airlines have seen customer numbers fall off a cliff since last summer due to the lockdown.

Primark is among the first of Britain’s big retailers to signal that there is life after Covid-19.

Primark says trading has been ‘reassuring and encouraging’ since stores reopened – but will still take £600million hit to profits after lockdown.

Passenger numbers in Europe will return to pre-crisis levels by next summer despite falling 97 per cent last month, Ryanair’s boss predicted yesterday.

Britain's biggest box maker DS Smith struck the wrong note with investors after it chose to withhold its dividend.

The crisis engulfing High Street restaurants intensified as the owner of Café Rouge crashed into administration and Prezzo put itself up for sale.

King's Cross has launched a three-month summer art exhibition as the area reopens for business.

Households' confidence in the economy and their personal finances is slowly starting to recover amid the easing of lockdown restrictions, new findings suggest.

Shares inRolls Roycetumbled by nearly 10 per cent yesterday as it emerged the company is looking for ways to bolster its battered finances.

HSBCis ramping up its operations in China – just weeks after supporting a controversial law the Beijing regime has imposed on Hong Kong.

Fuller'sboss has urged the Chancellor to cut VAT to prevent thousands of job losses across the hospitality industry.

Amigo Loans will have until the end of October to clear a backlog of at least 9,000 complaints that it had originally promised to get out of the way a week ago.

Britain's grocers are gearing up for a massive price war amidst fears unemployment could rise above four million.

The search for an elusive former boss of collapsed payments giant Wirecard intensified last night after it emerged his reported flight to the Philippines was faked.

Cash-rich companies that bounce back quickly from the coronavirus crisis have been urged to join the 'national effort' to rebuild Britain by returning furlough money to taxpayers.

Britain has bought space firm Oneweb at auction in an £800million deal that will boost efforts to create a home-grown sat nav system, and help deliver super-fast broadband.

Rolls-Royceinvestors will be itching for more detail about the extent of the damage from the pandemic when it releases a trading update for the first quarter next Thursday.

Britain is set to launch a big push for free trade around the world, The Mail on Sunday can reveal.

EasyJetfounder Stelios Haji-Ioannou is preparing a fresh attack on the airline's board.

Anyone trying to sell up or buy a new home on the cheap should keep a close eye on the housebuilders this week.

Britain's biggest water company has handed its former boss a £2million pay-off after he was fired for a series of failings.

Barclays paid Qatari investors extra fees in its 2008 bailout because it expected them to help set up other deals, its former chief executive has said.

Embattled fashion chain New Look has agreed terms on a crucial bank loan as it prepares to overhaul hundreds of lease contracts.

A radical shake-up to bankruptcy law last week allows directors at failed firms to remain in charge – and will shield them from creditors for up to 40 days.

A healthy noodle firm founded by an entrepreneur with a life-threatening illness is poised to sell a stake in a deal that could value the business at £30million.

A British stock market research firm today lays claim to being the first whistleblower to raise the alarm about the collapsed German payment giant, Wirecard.

There are few silver linings to this pandemic.

Britain's biggest banks could face losses of up to £10billion as customers are weaned off loan payment holidays, research has found.

Media tycoon James Murdoch is in line for a near-£50million payday at Tesla, joining directors who have made a fortune as the electric car pioneer has become the world’s most valuable car company.

Britain's biggest water company has handed its former boss a £2m golden goodbye — after he was fired for a series of failings.

The boss of drugs giant AstraZeneca is urging Boris Johnson's government to find a way of collaborating with China amid increasing political pressure at home and from the US to loosen links.

White Van Man is at risk of 'extinction' as the pandemic hits small businesses and sole traders, payment firm Previse has warned.

Finance provider Greensill has developed a technology to help Britain's struggling pharmacies cut costs.

Over the last few years,Boohoohas emerged as a stock market darling, offering investors decent returns and online shoppers the cheap, fast-fashion they crave.

Lloyds Bank is hunting for a chief executive after Antonio Horta-Osorio said he would step down.

Britain's biggest housebuilder has vowed to hand back £27m in taxpayer cash used to furlough thousands of its staff.

A former Barclays boss has rejected a suggestion he 'deceived' the board during the 2008 crisis.

Aviva has appointed its first-ever female chief executive after Maurice Tulloch surprisingly resigned.

More than £1.7billion was added to the value of Britain's biggest housebuilders on hopes the Chancellor will cut stamp duty.

The struggling car industry staged a tentative recovery last month as showrooms across England reopened.

Boohoo lost close to a quarter of its value yesterday as it fought off allegations of modern slavery at one of its Leicester suppliers.

Britain's Big Four auditors have just three months to outline how they will break up their businesses after a string of scandals.

The number of FTSE 100 firms that have paid out rising dividends each year for the past decade has fallen by more than 40 per cent since the start of 2020.

A resurgence in Britain’s small-cap biotech sector has been one of the few good things to come out of the coronavirus pandemic.

Software giant Micro Focus shed a fifth of its value after a huge loss sent investors scrambling for the exit.

Online fast-fashion retailerBoohoohas announced it will be launching an independent review of its UK supply chain after being engulfed in a sweatshop slavery scandal.

More than a million firms have received lifeline Bounce Back loans since the taxpayer-backed scheme launched in May.

The Chancellor of the Exchequer is under pressure to revive the housing market after figures showed prices have suffered their worst run since 2010.

Shares in FTSE-250 listedFirst Groupdropped over 15 per cent this morning after the company revealed its annual losses had swelled from £98million to just shy of £300million.

Nearly half of people in employment worked at home at some point in the first month of the lockdown, figures show.

Britain's stricken shops were left out of Chancellor Rishi Sunak's £30billion stimulus package.

The lockdown online shopping boom has kept rent collection steady for the warehouse giants Segro and Tritax Big Box.

First Group warned it may not survive the coronavirus pandemic as it racked up a third year of losses.

Vital businesses that require coronavirus bailouts from the Government will be told to slash fat cat pay and cut their carbon emissions, the Chancellor has warned.

Online lender Funding Circle has vowed not to take any taxpayer cash to cover the wages of furloughed employees.

For critics who dare to suggest Rishi Sunak resembles a Corbynista apparatchik in a sharp suit – splashing vast amounts of cash we don't have – the Chancellor got his defence in first.

Over 3,000 British workers have applied for voluntary redundancy atRolls-Royce, with two-thirds set to leave the company by the end of August.

John Lewis has confirmed that eight of its stores will not be reopening after closing for lockdown.

Travel businessDart Grouphas seen its annual profits drop following the mass cancellation of flights and the imposition of travel restrictions in March.

Easyjet's founder Sir Stelios Haji-Ioannou is preparing to grill the airline's bosses next week as he steps up his battle with the company.

Sky has won planning approval for a UK studios complex, paving the way for thousands of jobs.

Tesla boss Elon Musk is in line for a £2.7billion bonanza after the electric car maker's shares rocketed.

Investors cheered after major housebuilders said a tentative recovery was under way and buyers were coming out of the woodwork.

Rolls-Royce burned through £3billion of cash during the first six months of the year as coronavirus dealt a hammer-blow to its finances.

The owner of Wagamama has warned that one in 10 of its restaurants will not reopen this year as it battles its way out of lockdown.

One of Boohoo's biggest shareholders has dumped almost all its investment in the fashion group over its response to slave sweatshop allegations.

Estate agents are gearing up for a sales bonanza during the stamp duty holiday – but experts have warned a mortgage drought risks shutting out first-time buyers.

Engineer Senior stumbled after it laid bare the havoc the Covid crisis has wrought on companies further down the aerospace supply chain.

Gamma Communications board member Andrew Stone sold his entire stake in the telecoms group for £2.59million.

Boris Johnson is under mounting pressure to strip British Airways of prized airport landing slots over its 'fire and rehire' jobs plan.

A raft of key figures will be released this week highlighting the economic turmoil wrought by the coronavirus crisis.

Britain's most powerful hedge fund boss has launched a blistering attack on fund managers over their failure to challenge corporations on issues from climate change to corporate scandals.

The chairman of JD Wetherspoon, Tim Martin, sold £5million of shares in his pub chain days after the Government announced its £4billion boost for firms in the hospitality sector.

Company cars and work mobiles are perks of corporate life for many employees.

A private hospital company that aided the NHS during its battle with Covid-19 is set to be sold after the collapse of its former owner earlier this year.

M&C Saatchi, one of the most iconic advertising agencies in London, is preparing to deliver another blow to investors with a profits slump.

Britain's biggest tour operator has hailed its first flights this weekend as a 'hugely symbolic moment' for the industry – but warned of challenges ahead after the summer season was cut critically short.

A British technology start-up billed as the 'Zoom for medics' is mulling a fundraising of up to £100million to help support growth in the UK and overseas.

A senior director at a London-listed oil and gas company has been accused of accepting an 'illegal' £12million payment from a wanted fraudster in a High Court claim.

Ministers are considering a powerful new State regulator to control the activities of Britain's thousands of tax advisers offering services to more than 12million people.

A hedge fund has launched an attack on shares in Boohoo - the day after the fast fashion giant was accused of using sweatshop factories in Leicester.

The no-frills exercise chain PureGym has received an endorsement from Moody's.

There was good news last week for developers when it emerged that Chancellor Rishi Sunak was poised to suspend stamp duty on properties worth less than £500,000.

Rural firms need Government help to deal with their coronavirus 'debt mountain' to prevent further job losses, Devon restaurateur and campaigner Mitch Tonks has warned.

Sir Richard Branson will stump up £200m as part of a £1billion plan to prop up Virgin Atlantic without taxpayers' money.

Banks will be forced to provide cash machines within a 'reasonable distance' of every UK home under laws being prepared by ministers.

The number of shoppers returning to Britain's high streets last month continued to be well down on the same period last year.

British firms today said they are not ready to leave the European Union with just five months to go until Britain formally departs.

Output across the UK's services and manufacturing sectors grew last month but optimism remained below its nadir during the global financial crisis, new figures reveal.

Quiz shares swung wildly as the fashion brand launched an investigation into claims one of its suppliers paid staff as little as £3 an hour.

Investors piled into G4S after the security giant said profits would trump expectations and unveiled a shake-up that could see it axe 1,150 jobs.

Mortgages are at their cheapest on record with average rates on a popular two-year fix falling below 2 per cent.

Barclays dealmaker Roger 'Big Dog' Jenkins walked away from the bank with a £50million pay-off for his work in sealing the multi-billion pound bailout which saved it from Government hands, he revealed yesterday.

Nanoco has secured a chunk of funding to help it pursue a lawsuit against Samsung.

The coronavirus pandemic has inadvertently launched a massive remote working experiment, with many office employees were forced to work from home overnight.

Fast-fashion companyQuizhas said it is 'extremely concerned' by claims made as part of an undercover investigation that one of its suppliers was underpaying workers.

Auto dealerVertu Motorssaid 'strong' demand for new cars following the reopening of its English dealerships helped them to register a £9million profit in June.

Ocado raked in half-year sales of £1billion for the first time ever as founder Tim Steiner declared 'the world has changed'.

Lidl will open one new store per week between now and Christmas, creating up to 1,000 jobs, as part of plans to expand to 1,000 supermarkets by the end of 2023.

A supplier to Boohoo was hit with a £15million bill after failing to pay its staff the national minimum wage.

The budget watchdog has warned that the Government's £9billion bonus scheme for employers that bring staff back from furlough is 'largely deadweight'.

Retailer DFS Furniture may axe up to 200 jobs across its Sofa Workshop and Dwell chains as the group braces for annual losses after a £271m sales hit from lockdown.

Government borrowing could top £660billion over the next two years as the cost of the pandemic spirals.

Health and safety equipment maker Halma has promised to hand dividend-deprived shareholders an extra boost in its next payout.

Asoshas confirmed it plans to repay the Government the money it saved by furloughing around 1,000 staff via the Job Retention Scheme as the pandemic hit.

Asos is reviewing its operations in Leicester to avoid being dragged into the sweatshop crisis engulfing rival Boohoo.

The national debt could be pushing towards £3trillion by the time of the next general election as the cost of dealing with the Covid-19 pandemic spirals, the official budget watchdog has warned.

Royal Bank of Scotlandwill be formally known as the NatWest Group from Wednesday next week as it seeks to shake off the 'toxic' connotations from the past decade or so.

Boohoo has been accused of 'turning a blind eye' to problems in its supply chain after the issue was repeatedly raised.

The owner of Canary Wharf in London has lodged plans for a huge office development.

John Lewis has launched a virtual personal shopping service using Zoom after announcing eight stores will not reopen after lockdown.

With lockdown hiring freezes, furlough schemes and almost all travel scuppered, investors were braced for recruitment group Hays to have a difficult quarter.

The Government is on track to raise more than half a trillion pounds in debt this year as the cost of the pandemic spirals.

A music investment fund has snapped up the rights to the Lady Gaga smash hits Poker Face and Bad Romance as well as hundreds of other songs.

Centrica could demand 20,000 staff accept new working conditions or risk losing their jobs.

Wirecard's former boss borrowed nearly £32million from the German payments giant just months before its dramatic collapse, it has emerged.

British Airways-owner IAG hit turbulence after the airline said it was scrapping its entire fleet of iconic 747 jumbo jets.

Shares in Netflix plunged after it warned the boom in subscribers from the coronavirus crisis would not last.

Royal Mail's outgoing boss Rico Back bagged £868,000 in his last full year in charge – despite overseeing a plunge in the company's value.

Boohoo could need to move as much as 40 per cent of its production overseas following allegations of slave labour in Leicester, a City expert has predicted.

A trio of Lloyds' top bankers have emerged as potential successors to the outgoing boss Antonio Horta-Osorio.

British AIrways' owner IAG could close its low-cost French airline, putting 200 jobs at risk.

Britain's economic prospects for the rest of this year and into 2021 are shining brighter than the average for the Group of Seven advanced economies.

Britain's largest gym group is drawing up plans to close individual clubs in coronavirus 'hotspots' with as little as two hours' notice in a package of measures being deployed by chains to navigate a way through the crisis.

Borrowers who took loan repayment 'holidays' at the height of the coronavirus crisis are struggling to obtain mortgages despite assurances the breaks would not affect their credit score.

Bosses who have failed to navigate the coronavirus crisis face an onslaught by activist investors, experts warn.

Churches are in dispute with an insurer which convinced parishes to 'put your faith in us' – but which they allege failed to pay out on claims made as a result of the pandemic lockdown.

Ministers have pledged 'robust measures' to prevent the Chancellor's £4.1billion for training being plundered by bogus providers.

The American owner of a drug rehabilitation centre that once treated supermodel Kate Moss could be about to revive a £1billion sale of the scandal-hit Priory Group.

Ken McMeikan knows how to get his point across to politicians.

Banks have warned the Government to take a lenient approach to recovering coronavirus debts and have urged it to resist chasing small business owners through the courts where possible.

One fifth of small and medium-sized firms (SMEs) are planning to downsize their offices and encourage remote working.

The outgoing chairman of Huawei's UK arm has said he chose to leave the Chinese firm when US sanctions hobbled the business.

British fashion retailer Ted Baker is reportedly poised to axe one quarter of its workforce as it grapples with turmoil on the High Street.

Savers have been denied £22billion in quarterly dividends after the virus crisis prompted an 'unprecedented' cut to payouts, figures show.

The Home Secretary is facing calls to introduce statutory licensing for garment factories to prevent abuse of workers.

Markets had a tepid start to the week as investors wait to hear the outcome of talks between EU leaders over an unprecedented €1.85trillion EU budget and a coronavirus recovery fund to tackle the crisis.

Loan companyAmigo Loanshas recorded a £27.2million loss after receiving complaint costs of over £100million against them even though its customer numbers rose by 21,000.

Working-age households have suffered the worst income shock since mid-1970s, a think-tank has claimed The coronavirus crisis has triggered a 4.5 per cent fall in typical working-age household incomes, the Resolution Foundation said.

Royal Bank of Scotland has told more than 50,000 staff to work from home until next year, in a blow to Boris Johnson's hopes of kick-starting the economy by getting people back into the office.

Investors trapped in Neil Woodford's former flagship fund have missed out on a huge windfall after administrators sold shares in a firm that later rocketed 420.6 per cent higher.

Global wealth managers operating in Hong Kong have launched a crackdown on clients with ties to the country's pro-democracy movement.

Pioneering British drugs companies declared major breakthroughs in the battle against coronavirus yesterday – sending their shares to record highs.

Amigo was hit with another huge sell-off after a surge in complaints pushed it into the red and it warned its financial future is uncertain.

A blockbuster legal battle against eight insurers kicked off yesterday over their refusal to pay out business interruption claims to thousands of small firms.

Criminals who take advantage of cash-strapped customers by offering illegal loans should receive longer jail terms and harsher penalties, a group of MPs has demanded.

Hermes is creating 10,500 jobs as locked down Britons turn to online shopping.

The boss ofTalkTalksaid sales of its new 'working from home' broadband packages are 'strong' as remote working is here to stay, helping trade bounce back from the coronavirus slump.

High sales of the perennially popular Harry Potter books and other fantasy fiction novels during lockdown caused revenues at publisherBloomsburyto soar in recent months.

Royal Bank of Scotland will drop its 293-year-old name today in what chief executive Alison Rose called a 'symbolic moment'.

Royal Mail delivered a record 308m parcels in the latest quarter as the virus lockdown fuelled an internet shopping boom.

Ocado, Iceland and Co-op have emerged as the big lockdown winners as supermarket spending hit a record high.

Ted Baker shares surged more than 14 per cent as investors welcomed signs its online sales boomed during lockdown.

Shares in Ladbrokes owner GVC plunged nearly 12 per cent after it said it was being probed by the taxman.

Outgoing Persimmon boss Dave Jenkinson sold a £1.3million chunk of his stake.

Rolls-Royce was granted some respite from what has been a punishing year as it was picked to work on a design for a US army helicopter.

Perth-based transport companyStagecoach Grouphas axed its final dividend for the year after its revenues plummeted following its exit from the railway franchise market and lower bus passenger numbers.

Tango and J20 makerBritvichas said its sales plunged by a sixth in the last quarter as the compulsory closure of hospitality venues damaged demand for its products.

A DIY boom during lockdown has helped put B&Q owner Kingfisher back on the road to recovery.

An activist  shareholder in London-listed Russian gold miner Petropavlovskis threatening fresh legal action against seven former directors in an escalating boardroom bust-up.

Tesla was speeding towards America's prestigious S&P 500 index ahead of its results last night.

Stagecoach has warned it could take several years for passengers to start riding on buses at pre-pandemic levels.

Premier Inn owner Whitbread may cut 250 head office roles as it hauls itself through the crisis.

Traders had a glint in their eyes yesterday as gold and silver prices shot to their highest levels in years.

Billionaires are still keen to spruce up their superyachts despite the coronavirus outbreak.

Profits have again eluded the crowdfunding business founded by former fund manager Nicola Horlick as cautious investors consider the coronavirus.

Shares in engineer Melrose plunged dramatically as the coronavirus laid waste to GKN, the venerable British giant it bought in a hostile £8billion takeover.

Workers under lockdown have been drinking tea, scoffing ice cream and abandoning their personal grooming regimes, according to Unilever.

Cancelled exhibitions hammered turnover at media company Relx and sent its events arm plunging to a loss.

Royal Bank of Scotland is embroiled in a row with a former employee over customer data that raises serious issues over security issues when working from home.

BAE Systems has awarded contracts worth more than £100m to five British companies for work on the Royal Navy's next warship.

British Airways pilots have been urged to vote for a deal that will make fewer staff redundant but will cut their pay over the next three years.

Tens of millions of new users flocked to Twitter because of the pandemic and the Black Lives Matter protests – but profits took a nosedive as businesses reined in their spending on advertising.

Dyson is to axe 600 jobs in the UK as the vacuum maker grapples with the impact of coronavirus.

An American tech group that makes chips for video games is eyeing a takeover of ARM.

Shares in Daily Mail & General Trust (DMGT) rose more than 3 per cent yesterday after the company said its news brands had returned to profit.

Education publisher Pearson revealed a big drop in sales after schools and exam centres were closed.

Troubled fashion retailer French Connection has bagged a £15m funding lifeline from turnaround specialist Hilco Capital.

Goldman Sachs will pay Malaysia £3billion to apologise for its employees' part in an international scandal.

Disney has pushed back several major film releases as the cinema industry reels from the coronavirus.

The owner of British Airways is preparing to tap shareholders for as much as £2.3billion to help it ride out the coronavirus crisis, according to reports.

The deadly impact of coronavirus could save pension providers close to £100billion, analysis has revealed.

Two of Britain's best-known companies have unveiled plans to shake up their businesses in a bumper sell-off.

The conclusion to a US criminal investigation put a rocket under shares in pharmaceuticals group Indivior.

Britain has been gorging on wine and chocolate during lockdown, according to Hotel Chocolat and Naked Wines.

The US stock market's heavy concentration in a handful of stocks has raised concerns that falls in their share prices could plunge the wider market into a tailspin.

Boohoo boss John Lyttle insists he is not embarking on a personal crusade – but it might be heading that way, whether he likes it or not.

TV chef Gordon Ramsay has claimed the coronavirus crisis will 'flush away the unwanted' in his industry amid 'very testing times'.

Debenhams is poised to draft in advisers to help secure its future in a move that could see the department store giant sold to new owners.

Sir Stelios Haji-Ioannou is in talks to seal a blockbuster move into green energy by backing a company that turns household rubbish into 'clean' power.

The UK economy will require an extra 18 months to bounce back to the same size it was in 2019, according to experts at the EY Item Club.

Plane makers around the world received orders for just 19 new jets over the past three months as the pandemic grounded flights and virtually wiped out international travel.

The crash in oil prices triggered by the pandemic will almost halve tax revenues from the North Sea, according to the Treasury watchdog.

American private equity giants are circling Rolls-Royce's £1billion Spanish business.

Airline and travel stocks are the top fallers across markets this morning amid fears of further travel restrictions after the UK Government's decision to impose a 14-day quarantine on travellers arriving from Spain.

AstraZenecawill pay billions of pounds to Japanese drugs firm Daiichi Sankyo to develop and market a new cancer treatment, the Anglo-Swedish pharmaceutical firm said today.

Gold prices soared to record highs as coronavirus fears and simmering US-China trade tensions sent investors clamouring for safety.

Supermarkets were facing a fresh challenge today after online giant Amazon announced that Prime customers can now get their food shop delivered for free.

AstraZenecawill pay up to £4.7billion for the global rights to a potential treatment for breast and lung cancer.

Hundreds of jobs could be lost in restructuring plans at a bus manufacturer as the company reports a significant decline in demand in the UK.

Rolls-Royce was dealt yet another blow as a second influential agency slashed its credit rating to 'junk' status.

Around £1.5billion was wiped off the value of Britain's leading travel companies as quarantine chaos and fears of a second wave of coronavirus infections shook markets.

The billionaire chief executive of Boots owner Walgreens Boots Alliance will step aside after a five-year stint in charge that saw the pharmacy group lose more than half its value.

Space tycoon Charlie Ergen is to invest £39m in a satellite broadband firm rescued by the Government.

Former government minister and millionaire business woman Margot James has joined the board of doorstep lender Provident Financial.

Investors cheered a promising sign that this year's dividend downswing could be about to turn a corner.

For years, Roger Jewitt had absolutely no interest in banking online.

The owner of British Airways is seeking to halve the price of its planned £900m takeover of a Spanish rival.

The craze for cleaning brought on by the coronavirus has pushed up sales at consumer goods giant Reckitt Benckiser.

The independent investigation into Boohoo's supply chain will call for public evidence and investigate whether it 'had knowledge of the allegations', the company said.

The Hong Kong & Shanghai Banking Corporation ( HSBC), the UK's biggest bank, dominates the Hong Kong skyline.

McDonald's posted its lowest quarterly profit in 13 years as lockdown forced it to shut thousands of restaurants – but has seen sales rebound since opening up again.

Almost £50billion of Government-backed loans to businesses hit by Covid-19 have been approved so far – fuelling fears the taxpayer could be saddled with a huge bill if the money is not repaid in full.

A shareholder campaign group has criticised Vodafone's decision to list its £18billion towers business in Frankfurt rather than London.

British lenders could be forced to cancel dividends again next year as they are battered by the Covid-19 pandemic, the Bank of England has warned.

Help to Buy hearsay boosted shares in some of Britain's biggest housebuilders.

RetailerNexthas claimed that its performance has been 'much better' than expected in the last few months, and now looks set to make an annual profit rather than just break even.

The Royal Exchange in London – home to exclusive shops such as Tiffany, Fortnum & Mason, and Boodles – is at the heart of one of the world's most vibrant financial centres.

Rolls-Royce is hoping to raise up to £1.5billion by selling new shares after the coronavirus outbreak triggered a slump in global air travel.

Investors in Neil Woodford's former flagship Equity Income fund will receive their third payout next month.

Shares in Hastings soared after the car insurer emerged as a takeover target.

The coronavirus struck at the heart of the British banking system yesterday as it wreaked havoc on the finances of two of the country's biggest lenders.

Boeing will build far fewer planes and end the production of its 747 jumbo jets after the pandemic hammered its finances.

Shares in Glaxosmithkline fell after the British drugs giant warned that a drop in vaccinations during the coronavirus crisis could hurt profits.

Losses ballooned at Aston Martin after sales of its luxury cars nosedived.

Aldi will create 1,200 jobs in the UK this year as it continues to open stores.

Lloyds Banking Groupslumped to a pre-tax loss of £602million in the first half of the year, warning investors that the impact of the pandemic was more 'profound' and 'much larger' than it expected.

Car dealers Pendragon and Inchcape plan to cut jobs as the fallout from the Covid-19 pandemic hits demand.

Shares around the world tumbled yesterday after the American economy suffered its biggest decline in post-war history and Donald Trump called for the presidential elections to be delayed.

Lloyds Banking Group dived into the red as it warned of the pandemic's 'profound' impact on the economy and said up to £5.5billion in loans could go bad.

BAE Systems shares soared as the aerospace and defence juggernaut promised investors a double dividend windfall.

Laxman Narasimhan, the boss of Reckitt Benckiser, has been running the global consumer goods giant during lockdown from his west London flat, where he has been staying with his mother, who celebrates her 80th birthday this week.

The authority tasked with bailing out investors in failed bond scheme London Capital and Finance has paid out another £8.4m to worried savers.

Schroders has overtaken Standard Life Aberdeen to become the UK's largest listed asset manager.

Ever dream of driving rally cars through the world's most exotic locations such as the Amazon rainforest, the deserts of Arabia or the mountains of Himalaya?

The junior market has seen a spate of recovery stories this week, hinting a V-shaped return to pre-pandemic levels could become a reality for some.

Britain's millions of pet owners have never taken more comfort in their furry friends and critters than during lockdown.

More than half of staff at Byron lost their jobs last night as the burger chain was sold to investment firm Calveton UK.

The London Stock Exchange may sell its Italian business in a bid to appease regulators over its £21billion takeover of Refinitiv.

The eurozone suffered its biggest ever economic contraction over the spring as countries across the bloc were hammered by the Covid-19 pandemic.

The pound has clocked up its biggest monthly gain against the dollar for more than a decade.

Almost £170billion was added to the value of three American tech giants yesterday just 24 hours after the US economy recorded its biggest slump in post-war history.

Huawei has become the biggest maker of smartphones after rivals took a hit from the Covid crisis.

The heir to the Tetra Pak fortune is among investors who have splashed out a total of £3million to back an online paint ordering service which launched during lockdown.

Could a French telecoms billionaire be circlingBT's Openreach arm?

'The right thing might be to let the weak go to the wall.'

Gold mining veteran Peter Hambro has launched an emotional plea to private shareholders, urging them to intervene after the board of the company he created 26 years ago was ousted.

BP is being widely tipped to slash its £6.7billion dividend this week.

Britain's economy has entered a 'recovery phase', with manufacturing leading the way, the latest figures from the Confederation of British Industry indicate.

British Airways pilots have voted to accept a pay cut as part of a deal to avoid contracts being torn up.

A British start-up behind technology used in driverless cars has secured £10million in funding from the Government's coronavirus fund and other investors.

Shopping centre giantHammersonis poised to launch a cash call for up to £600million from investors in an effort to shore up its finances.

The former boss of Sirius Minerals – whose dramatic fall from grace left thousands of small shareholders with huge losses – pocketed £1.3million in bonuses from the Yorkshire mining company shortly after agreeing to a cut-price takeover.

Amazon has struck deals to open more than ten checkout-free convenience stores, and is holding talks on 20 other sites.

Shirtmaker Thomas Pink has shut its flagship Jermyn Street store as sales of smart work clothes flounder and offices remain shut.

John Lewis will today announce a radical shake-up of the way that it deals with suppliers as the company seeks to secure its future.

BAE Systems is poised to rescue suppliers and other aerospace companies that are struggling because of the crisis in the aviation industry.

Home schooling and a renewed interest in arts and crafts among adults helped Hobbycraft triple sales during lockdown.

Despite the ongoing threat of a second wave of coronavirus infections, London markets closed higher, with the FTSE 100 ending the day 2.3 per cent higher at 6,032 and the FTSE 250 rising 1.3 per cent to 17,158.

Shares in Hammerson tumbled after the shopping centres owner revealed plans to boost its battered finances.

Microsoft has said it will 'move quickly' with talks to buy TikTok after President Trump gave his personal blessing to the firm's advances.

Purplebricks and Winkworth have reported a surge in demand after a cut in stamp duty and the lifting of lockdown measures boosted the housing market.

HSBC profits plunged more than 82 per cent as the bank warned £10billion worth of loans could turn sour this year due to the coronavirus pandemic.

For many visitors to the UK, shops such as Selfridges, Harrods and the Queen's grocer Fortnum & Mason are a quintessential part of Britain.

NMC Health has secured a £192m lifeline from its lenders.

Hiscox has made a £105m loss after being hit by payouts for cancelled sports events and holidays.

Rolls-Royce shares dipped to their lowest level for more than a decade as analysts warned it could need to raise at least £6billion in order to survive the coronavirus crisis.

Hays Travel is cutting up to 878 jobs out of a total workforce of 4,500.

The Footsie closed flat after a day of mixed results from some heavyweight companies.

BP has slashed its dividend payout for the first time since the Deepwater Horizon disaster after the company was hit by sharply lower global oil prices.

The competition watchdog has given Amazon the green light to buy a minority stake in Deliveroo, just over a year after the proposed deal was originally announced.

Three private equity bidders are fighting over the AA, kicking off what experts believe could be a wave of buyouts of troubled British companies.

Investors face a £40billion dividend black hole this year in the worst hit to payouts 'in generations' because of the coronavirus crisis.

BP chopped its prized dividend in half after a record quarterly loss of £13.5billion.

Ocado boss Tim Steiner has been named the best-paid boss in the FTSE 100 after a bumper year for the online grocer.

Travel company shares took off after a buoyant update from budget airline easyJet.

Betting giantWilliam Hillis keeping 119 of its betting shops across the UK closed for good amid fears in-store customer levels will not return to pre-pandemic levels.

Metro Bankswung to a heavy loss in the first half of the financial year as it took a multimillion-pound hit from the effects of the coronavirus pandemic.

Motoring insurance firmHastings Grouphas seen its share price jump sharply today after agreeing to be taken over in a £1.66billion deal.

The FTSE 100 closed up 1.14 per cent or 68.72 points at 6,104.72 and the pound was at $1.31 against the dollar.

Pensions titan Legal and General has forged ahead with its plans to pay a dividend, amid widespread cuts across the FTSE 100.

Insurance tycoon Neil Utley is set to rake more than £70million as investors prepare to buy Hastings.

Gold prices soared to record highs after breaking through the $2,000 an ounce mark for the first time ever.

Factory staff supplying tainted online fashion giant Boohoo have been urged to talk about working conditions in Leicester.

WH Smith yesterday culled 1,500 jobs and shut 14 stores as commuters and shoppers stayed at home.

Gambling giant William Hill has become the latest firm to hand back furlough money to the Government following a 'robust recovery' following lockdown.

The surge in online shopping and almost overnight shift to working from home during lockdown has been a boon for warehouse owner Segro.

ITVsaw profits fall sharply after a 'significant decline' in demand for advertising in the second quarter as large advertisers continued to pull back in the wake of the economic slump caused by the coronavirus crisis.

Top brass at the Bank of England have confirmed they are actively 'considering' whether or not to take UK interest rates into negative territory as a result of the economic fallout from the pandemic.

London markets tumbled today, with the FTSE 100 closing 1.3 per cent lower at 6,026 and the FTSE 250 falling 0.9 per cent to 17,479.

Aviva's chief executive Amanda Blanc ended her first month in the job by hinting she could pull out of a number of overseas markets in a major shake-up of the insurer.

Summer getaways abroad have been all but cancelled.

Jeff Bezos has cashed in £2.4billion worth of shares, as Amazon's sales are supercharged by the pandemic.

Meggitt shares lost altitude after reports surfaced that the group may want to raise an extra £455million.

ITV profits plummeted by 93 per cent in the first half of the year after the pandemic triggered a historic drop in advertising sales and paralysed television productions.

Glencore boss Ivan Glasenberg will miss out on a £180million windfall after the mining and trading giant scrapped its £2billion dividend.

Fund manager Standard Life Aberdeen said its profits have taken a hit with investors withdrawing money and moving to lower fee funds amid increased market volatility due to the coronavirus crisis.

Redx Pharmajoined the recent spate of junior biotech success stories with an 80 per cent jump to 45p on the back of a licencing deal with AstraZeneca.

Britain's biggest gambling firms have dozens of offshoots in tax havens, a Mail audit has found.

Easyjet's deputy chairman Charles Gurassa spent £500,000 buying 90,241 shares in the budget airline.

Asos has demanded greater transparency from brands which want to sell their clothes on its site, following an industry-wide scandal surrounding factory working conditions.

After months cooped up at home during lockdown, many Britons are reappraising their living arrangements.

Hargreaves Lansdown was boosted by an influx of customers during lockdown, as thousands of Britons sat down to order their finances and invest.

More than 10,000 British Airways staff are being made redundant as the airline scrambles to cut costs to survive the In a sign of the brutal cuts workers were facing at Britain's flag carrier, more than 6,000 employees across the business applied for voluntary redundancy.

The taxman has launched a deeper probe into Netflix after the video streaming giant pocketed thousands of pounds from UK taxpayers, The Mail on Sunday can reveal.

Fashion giant New Look is poised to trigger a massive restructuring in an attempt to reboot the chain's finances and tear up leases weighing the business down.

A restaurant group has been deluged with 700 applications in just 24 hours for three jobs.

Union boss Len McCluskey is gearing up for strike action against British Airways over thousands of job cuts.

He quit his father's media empire after criticising its coverage of climate change.

He says having his own plane is his one 'guilty pleasure' in life.

Former Pizza Express boss David Page has built his career on the boom in people eating out – but now he says Britain has too many restaurants.

A British electricity company controlled by Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka-shing and his family has paid out its biggest ever dividend.

On a sweltering afternoon on Oxford Street, many pedestrians are wearing face masks despite the heat.

House of Fraser owner Mike Ashley has been linked to a deal to seize as many as 30 stores from rival Debenhams.

A controversial Chinese surveillance company has pulled plans for a UK base, The Mail on Sunday can reveal.

Britain's economy will be declared in recession this week after the coronavirus crisis hammered output.

Holiday Inn owner Intercontinental Hotels Group (IHG) and Mike Ashley's Frasers Group are expected to be the latest firms to warn of job losses this week as Britain reels from the fallout of coronavirus.

Top aerospace companies are plotting a £1billion bailout fund to help suppliers stricken by the virus crisis.

Business lending by banks is expected to reach a 13-year high in 2020, according to research.

It was a subdued day for London markets, with the FTSE 100 closing up 18 points at 6,050 and the FTSE 250 rising 102 points to 17,724.

Royal London, the UK's largest mutual insurer, slumped to a loss in the first half as the coronavirus pandemic dragged investment returns and bond yields lower.

Britain's independent retailers have been forced to lay-off more than 53,000 staff since the pandemic began, it has emerged.

Jeff Bezos has been accused of 'wilful blindness' to the unlicensed use of music on Amazon's video streaming platform, Twitch.

Scandal-hit NMC Health is being investigated for allegedly using fake invoices for medical supplies to borrow money.

Dutch politicians have proposed a radical 'exit tax' for businesses that could scupper Unilever's bid to establish a sole headquarters in the UK.

More than £11billion has been added to the value of London's biggest precious metals miners so far this year as gold and silver prices have soared.

Bus companies picked up speed following the Government's pledge to keep funding the sector indefinitely.

Holiday Inn and Crowne Plaza ownerIntercontinental Hotels Groupsaid it is seeing some 'very early' signs of recovery as it slumped to a half year loss.

HousebuilderBellwaybuilt nearly a third fewer houses this year due to the coronavirus pandemic, but said the recently introduced stamp duty holiday is lifting demand.

David Buik has worked in the City of London since the 1960s and continues to do so, having worked with many of its famous brokers.

The pandemic has turned the jobs market upside down.

Businesses have now borrowed almost £52billion from the Government via its emergency loan schemes.

What can you do if you can't find a job?

Thousands of people living in flats say they can't remortgage or sell their homes due to new safety advice issued in response to the Grenfell Tower fire.

Insurance giant Prudential slashed the dividend in half as it announced plans to spin off its American business.

For many people 2020 is likely going to be the year of the staycation.

Cruise companies P&O and Carnival have delayed and cancelled more voyages as the industry struggles to restart.

Debenhams has axed 2,500 staff, taking its redundancies since April to 6,500 – a third of its workers.

Another scandal is threatening to engulf Lloyds Bank boss Antonio Horta-Osorio before he signs off next year.

Rolls-Royce's reputation has been dealt a further blow after it found cracks inside another set of engines.

Food delivery firmJust Eat Takeawayhas said the costs of its merger and the proposed purchase of Grubhub caused its losses to jump despite a surge in customer orders.

Dr Martens has become the latest firm to pay back furlough funds to the Government as sales continued to grow in recent months despite the closing of stores.

Covent Garden landlord Capital & Counties' cautious outlook sent investors running for the door.

Just Eat revealed booming order numbers and sales as people stuck at home during the lockdown devoured takeaway meals.

Ladbrokes owner GVC is refusing to hand back money it took to furlough staff, despite cashing in on an online gambling boom and expanding into the US.

More than 50,000 jobs are at risk in the West End of London if there is not a drastic increase in shoppers and commuters, business leaders said yesterday.

TUI is battling for survival after the cancellation of summer holidays triggered a record loss of £1.3billion in just three months.

Shares in the UK's only listed funeral provider leapt by almost two thirds after regulators parked plans to impose price caps on the industry.

HSBC is clamping down on how much it will loan to borrowers buying flats, in the latest blow for first-time buyers.

AstraZenecais forging ahead with its potential coronavirus vaccine after signing fresh supply deals in Latin America.

While many shoppers have been tightening their purse strings, wealthy Britons have been splashing out on luxury watches.

National Express plans to use £4million in job retention bonuses to slash ticket prices on its local bus services.

A 28-year-old fitness buff and former pizza delivery driver has sealed a deal which values his online gym clothing firm at more than £1billion.

Verona Pharmabecame the latest biotechnology minnow to wow London investors with its work to help combat Covid-19.

Publishers, museums and media groups are owed £25million from a collapsed books wholesaler that has just £600,000 available to hand back to them.

More than £1.4billion was wiped off the value of Britain's leading travel companies yesterday as quarantine chaos in France landed another blow to the industry's recovery.

The number of people visiting pubs, cafes and restaurants has tripled in a month as Rishi Sunak's Eat Out To Help Out scheme has inspired workers to leave their house and spend their wages.

Unilever’sfinance chief has offloaded £2million worth of shares in the consumer goods giant.

Patrick Dardis, the chief executive of pub group Young's, is calling time on working from home.

A law firm that worked for Wikileaks founder Julian Assange is facing a multi-million pound legal claim.

Tens of thousands of staff will never return to full-time office work in the City of London under plans being drawn up by some of Britain's biggest companies.

Inflation is expected to turn negative this month in defiance of huge amounts of money creation by the Bank of England and colossal financial support for the economy from the Treasury.

Marks & Spencer is set to take on the mainstream supermarkets with a major television advertising campaign promoting 'everyday prices' on bread, milk and other staples.

Lloyds has warned that a second wave of Covid-19 cases could send the UK into a double-dip recession.

Ministers are 'concerned' about Rolls-Royce's precarious financial position, City sources claim.

Powerful activist investors have built up large stakes in UK-listed technology firm Telit Communications amid fears that a China-backed fund wants to take control.

A UK start-up offering cinema-quality short films on mobiles has signed deals with global telecoms giants to reach millions of new users.

Amazon is creating 1,000 jobs at a warehouse in Nottinghamshire that will help it manage the renewed surge in online shopping triggered by lockdown.

Former Flybe shareholders are preparing legal action over claims they were misled about the airline's performance before it was sold in a cut-price deal last year.

Steel tycoon Sanjeev Gupta will add a former British Steel plant in northeast France to his Liberty Steel metals empire.

Restaurants have been more than a quarter busier than they were before lockdown on the back of Chancellor Rishi Sunak's Eat Out to Help Out scheme.

Lenders to Amigo Loans have granted the struggling firm a four-month extension to meet the terms of its multi-million pound finance facility.

Small and medium-sized businesses face a further financial setback from lockdown with an average £22,000 cost to reopen in full.

Natwest's customers have rated it as one of the worst banks, calling out its poor branches and shoddy overdraft services.

Gordon Ramsay's restaurant empire made a profit of more than £15million last year and is pressing ahead with plans to open 50 eateries across the UK.

Shares in Cranswick rose yesterday after the meat producer revealed the lockdown had bulked up its sales.

Cambridge life sciences firmHorizon Discovery Grouphas said a reduction in academic research work caused by the coronavirus pandemic has negatively impacted its earnings.

Marks & Spencer has launched a middle-class supermarket price war as it prepares for its products to replace Waitrose's on the Ocado website next month.

Deadpool star Ryan Reynolds was toasting a massive payday yesterday after the world's biggest drinks company, Diageo, bought his gin brand for £465million.

Nervous British families are reining in spending as fears grow about mass job losses, a survey shows.

Britain's biggest house builder Persimmon said its build rate reached normal levels by the end of June and it restored its dividend to shareholders, it revealed today.

Persimmon, the builder previously known as a byword for executive greed, is striking a hopeful note on the housing market.

Tesla boss Elon Musk has become the fourth-richest person in the world after shares in his electric car company revved even higher.

Sales at women's fashion brand Sosandar soared during lockdown despite the closure of offices and the cancellation of events.

The world's biggest mining company is to sell off its thermal coal sites as it prepares for a greener future.

TV licensing collector Capita plunged into the red after admitting that the coronavirus has thrown its turnaround plans off course.

The personal information of Carnival's passengers and staff has been stolen by hackers, it emerged yesterday.

Airport operator Stobart Group is to cut more than 130 jobs after Easyjet confirmed plans to shut down its bases at Stansted and Southend.

Ocado has emerged as one of the biggest winners of the coronavirus crisis, eclipsing its 'Big Four' supermarket rivals.

A shock jump in inflation last month has sparked fears that Britain could face a cost of living crisis as the impact of the recession hits people hard in their pockets.

The founder of a technology consultancy is bringing alegal case against Marriott Hotelsat the High Court over claims that it failed to protect the data of hundreds of millions of customers.

Marriott International is being sued in the High Court for a massive data hack that affected 339m people.

More than £500million was wiped off the value of Britain’s top builders as figures showed house prices had started to fall before the virus lockdown.

America's technology giants have added nearly $2.5 trillion to their market values this year – an astonishing rally worth almost as much as the entire UK economy.

The infamous stockbroker who wrote the book that became The Wolf of Wall Street movie is staging a comeback to coach amateur investors.

Britain's biggest lender has taken issue with predictions from the Bank of England that the economy may recover to pre-coronavirus levels by the end of 2021.

Fraudsters are cashing in on savers desperate for a decent return on their money after the stock market plunged and interest rates plummeted.

Elon Musk’s rocket company SpaceX has been valued at $46billion (£35million) after a new round of fundraising.

House of Fraser ownerFrasers Grouphas warned that further department store closures could be on the cards amid dwindling profits and lower in-store shopper numbers.

Stricken baby retailerMothercarehas confirmed it will start selling its products in Boots stores up and down the country from autumn this year.

It might sound like a mere technicality but Government plans to ditch a controversial measure of inflation could cost savers and investors £122billion, experts have warned.

Billionaire Mike Ashley was last night urged by MPs and campaigners to hand back tens of millions of pounds of furlough cash to taxpayers after his retail empire predicted a surge in sales.

Only one in six workers has returned to the office despite pleas to do so from the Government, according to analysis.

Frasers Group boss Mike Ashley has handed his son-in-law more than £15m in fees over the last four years, it has emerged.

Auditor PwC and scandal-hit car dealer Looker have become the latest businesses to delay their financial results.

Airbnb is pressing ahead with floating on the stock market, even as the pandemic hammers bookings.

Estee Lauder will axe 2,000 jobs and close up to 225 stores after the pandemic caused sales to collapse.

Beleaguered investors in Britain's blue-chip index were left nursing further losses after a cautious outlook from the US central bank put global markets on the back foot.

Britons are flocking to non-essential shops post-lockdown with retail sales rising to pre-pandemic levels last month, figures show.

BroadcasterITVhas said it will spend just under £10million in Britbox Australia, as the streaming service plans to launch down under this Autumn.

Airline stocks took off yesterday after Portugal was added to the UK's list of safe holiday destinations.

Shoppers at John Lewis and Waitrose will be able to book a slot to avoid long queues as part of bosses' fightback after the coronavirus lockdown It is one of two schemes being launched next week to entice customers back to its stores.

The future of thousands of businesses 'hangs in the balance' as the High Street is left behind in the UK's economic recovery, industry leaders warned yesterday.

Tesla has raced pass Walmart in value, marking another extraordinary milestone in the electric car maker's rise.

Hundreds of jobs at sushi chain Wasabi are hanging in the balance after it became the latest High Street chain to prepare to shut restaurants.

The Formula One team founded by racing legend Sir Frank Williams has been bought by a US private equity firm.

The Serious Fraud Office has charged three men in connection with the collapse of an investment fund.

Superyacht painting and maintenance firm GYG says the coronavirus crisis has not dented demand from the super-rich for big boats.

Thousands of furlough applications have been blocked by the taxman due to fears they are fraudulent.

Thousands of Mercedes car owners in Britain could be in line for up to £10,000 each after a law firm set up a group claim over the diesel emissions scandal.

Nationwide building society has called on customers to respect its staff after a spike in abuse in branches.

Silicon Valley tycoons includingMark Zuckerbergare in the money after their investment fund sold a British tech company.

An advertising entrepreneur is hatching ambitious plans to build a global media empire after taking his marketing firm off the stock market.

Taxpayers could be hit by a huge fraud time-bomb from Rishi Sunak's £35billion bounce back loans, an investigation by The Mail on Sunday has found.

It's hard to believe that Kate Bingham ever questioned whether she could lead the UK's efforts to find a coronavirus vaccine.

Cash-strapped package holidays giant Tui has come under attack from hedge funds hoping to cash in on a looming rights issue aimed at helping it to ride out the coronavirus crisis.

The billionaire known as the Czech Sphinx has quietly become the largest shareholder in Royal Mail, heaping more pressure on the troubled postal service as it faces calls for a break-up.

A pet food company backed by the billionaire boss of the Louis Vuitton empire could change hands later this year in a deal worth hundreds of millions of pounds.

Rolls-Royce is expected to post a half-year loss of £1.1billion in its results this week.

Britons are spending £46 a month on subscriptions as entertainment and delivery services boom in lockdown.

Dividends plunged by £209bn during lockdown in a 'tragedy' for savers – with companies in Britain and Europe the worst affected.

Shares in telecoms giant BT Group jumped today on takeover speculation.

JD Wetherspoon founder and chairman Tim Martin has said he anticipates the firm making an annual loss after the pub chain recorded poor sales in the six weeks after pubs reopened.

The spat between the founder of Amigo Loans and its current board escalated over the weekend after a blog was posted by James Benamor on 21 August slating the company's practices and branding former CEO Hamish Paton's tenure a 'calamitous time'.

Eurostar has announced a launch date for its £40 London-to-Amsterdam rail service.

Pearson has named Disney's former international boss as its chief executive.

Borrowers hoping to cheaply combine their debts on one credit card could struggle to find a provider.

The world's biggest iron ore miner is cutting the bonuses of three senior executives by almost £4m following the destruction of a 46,000-year-old Aboriginal site – but they will still keep their jobs.

Music investment fund Hipgnosis has snapped up song rights from a leading figure of American hip-hop group Wu-Tang Clan.

Bunzl resumed dividends and reported first-half profit and revenue that surpassed analysts' expectations as it was bolstered by robust demand for the protective masks and gloves it supplied in the coronavirus crisis.

The drawn-out ding-dong between Amigo Holdings and its founder James Benamor is still keeping investors on their toes.

Wetherspoons warned that the coronavirus crisis will push it into the red despite a 'rapid acceleration' in sales this month thanks to the Eat Out To Help Out scheme.

BT shares were on the up again today after the embattled business emerged as a target for private equity buyers.

NQ Minerals is a project developer and miner with Australian assets that have plenty of near-term appeal.

Virgin Atlantic is facing an uncertain future but a key vote on a survival deal could ensure the airline carries on beyond September, when it is understood to be in danger of running out of cash.

British engineering and industrial software giant Aveva has bought California-based tech company Osisoft in a $5billion (£3.8billion) deal.

Aveva is poised to become Britain's most valuable software company after it completed the £3.8billion takeover of an American rival.

Insurers are unfairly rejecting claims for cancelled weddings.

The Appledore shipyard, where vessels have been built for almost two centuries, is to reopen after being rescued in a £7m deal.

Laid low by a flagging share price, BT is now feared to be an attractive target for vulture funds that could swoop in and pick it to pieces.

Shares in sofa specialist DFS have recovered some of their pandemic losses thanks to a trend for home improvements.

James Fisher and Sons is paying a £4m dividend despite asking the taxpayer to shell out almost £2m to furloughed staff.

Co-op Bank is axing 18 branches and slashing 350 jobs, in another blow to Britain's beleaguered high streets.

A High Court judge has paved the way for administrators to sue four directors connected to the London Capital & Finance (LCF) savings scandal.

The City of London risks being 'hollowed out' as thousands of white collar workers refuse to return to their desk, a top stockbroker has warned.

Virgin Atlantic hailed 'a significant milestone in safeguarding its future' after creditors voted to approve a £1.2billion bailout.

UK tech firm Melody VR has agreed a £53m deal to buy music-streaming platform Napster.

Sub-prime lenderProvident Financialslumped to a £32.6million loss in the six months to 30 June, new results show.

The value of shares in Apple and Tesla could rise by a third over the coming 12 months after the two American giants carry out stock splits, new analysis suggests.

Craft beer gurus at Beavertown Breweries have opened what it claims is 'London's biggest brewery', capable of churning out 90million pints a year.

The boss of online retailer The Hut Group is being lined up for a £700million bonanza as his company gears up to float on the London Stock Exchange.

Upmarket chain D&D has warned its restaurants in the City of London are trading at half pre-lockdown levels because offices are 'pretty empty'.

Media company ITV is fighting for its place in the FTSE 100 after a dizzying fall in its share price this year.

House sales hit a 13-year high last month as buyers frustrated by the lockdown took advantage of cuts to stamp duty.

The origins of Silicon Valley – long before Facebook, Google and Apple – are inextricably linked with America's defence establishment.

New Look is aiming to cut its rent to zero on 68 stores in a drastic plan to rescue the ailing fashion chain and 11,200 jobs in the wake of the Covid-19 outbreak.

Global stocks set records last night as investors shrugged off coronavirus pandemic fears.

US officials have attacked HSBC for its treatment of pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong, and accused China of 'bullying' the bank.

Former Bank of England Governor Mark Carney is set to join Center Parcs owner Brookfield Asset Management to lead its push into sustainable investing.

Energy firm Centrica, the British Gas parent, has paid just under £1.5million to customers who were impacted by a change in the company's prepayment meter top-up arrangements.

Rolls-Royce is aiming to raise £2billion by selling parts of its business as it struggles to survive the coronavirus crisis.

Ocado has poached a Rolls-Royce executive after the online grocer's finance chief retired having earned more than £26m and built up a shareholding worth £38m.

In the battle to beat Covid-19, London-listed companies both large and small have punched well above their weight.

WPP has brought back its dividend after bosses declared the advertising business has weathered the worst of the coronavirus crisis.

Sales at Tiffany are higher than they were a year ago as customers snap up its luxury jewellery despite the coronavirus slump.

Translation company RWS is set to seal the largest takeover of a UK tech company since lockdown in a deal which will create a £2.8billion firm.

The Hut Group has unveiled plans for a blockbuster £4.5billion float.

The US central bank is ripping up its rule book as it attempts to rebuild America's economy in the aftermath of the coronavirus pandemic.

The Footsie ended the week in the red, falling below the 6,00 mark, as the pound hit an eight-month high against the dollar, rising above $1.33.

The pandemic has changed business in many ways with the hotel and hospitality sector at the top of list in terms of how heavily impacted it has been.

MinerBase Resourcesshot up 32 per cent to 15p this week after it declared a maiden dividend of 35 Australian cents per share.

The Hut Group has been accused of 'awful' corporate governance standards ahead of its blockbuster listing.

Investment bankers are set to reap bumper fees this year despite the coronavirus slump as they work on a series of emergency fundraisings, takeovers and stock market listings.

Boohoo investors were given another kicking after the company admitted it had suspended orders with a number of suppliers over sweatshop allegations.

Cineworld sharesrose nearly 5 per cent after the cinema chain's boss said it had seen a number of sold-out screenings and that summer blockbuster Tenet had triggered a much-needed surge in bookings.

Private equity barons at KKR are sniffing around BT.

Unions are preparing for up to one in ten bank branches to close as they enter talks with the Big Four lenders.

Mobile phone giant Vodafone has suffered a defeat in court that could open the door to a wave of legal challenges by landowners that host 5G phone masts.

Almost half a trillion pounds could be wiped off the UK economy over the next four years if workers fail to return to offices, analysis for The Mail on Sunday shows.

The eye of the storm...If you've ever been there, you know it's not a comfortable place to be.

American private equity barons are circling Britain's largest office developers after their share prices collapsed by almost 50 per cent.

Controversial financial betting firm Plus500 is poised to take on traditional stockbrokers by launching a conventional share trading service.

It's the classic journey for a successful British technology business: company is established, grows quickly, raises money, earns a stellar reputation – before being bought by a larger American rival.

Some of the world's biggest airlines have called on the British and US governments to introduce testing at airports to end quarantine and help unlock £200billion in trade between the two nations.

One of the top bosses at TSB has said it is a 'great fallacy' that interest rates are important for savers.

Quizzes and virtual parties over Zoom might already be a thing of the past – but the video conferencing company will on Tuesday reveal how it cashed in during lockdown.

The former boss of Saga is set to make a stunning return to the ailing over-50s travel and insurance firm as part of a £150million fundraising deal.

Widespread evasion and avoidance of business rates is eating into the £25billion a year raised through the tax, the Treasury has said.

Barclays boss Jes Staley is facing fresh calls to resign after he was dragged into efforts to hunt down the wealth of deceased sex offender Jeffrey Epstein.

More than a quarter of a million workers at stalwart British firms have been laid off since the beginning of the coronavirus pandemic, the Mail can reveal.

Business leaders have warned that the Chancellor's job retention bonuses will not stop them from laying off staff.

The coronavirus pandemic has made home buyers even more reliant on the 'Bank of Mum and Dad' to raise a deposit, research suggests - but the amount being dished out has slumped compared to last year.

As auctioneer Oliver Barker took to his rostrum for the first major live art sale in London since lockdown, the excitement was electric despite the absence of real live bidders.

Freddie's Flowers saw a boom in demand for its home-delivered bouquets during lockdown.

The Footsie finished deep in the red as a mixture of a firmer pound and a poor performance from banking and energy stocks has hurt the index.

Shares in Saga rallied today after the company confirmed reports its former boss, Sir Roger De Haan, is returning to the boardroom and bringing £100million into the company with him.

Ann Summers's boss has threatened its landlords with store closures in a bid to force them to slash rents.

Astrazeneca has struck a deal to mass-produce a potential Covid-19 vaccine, as it begins large-scale human trials in the US.

A video conferencing company that few had heard of before lockdown is now worth more than Britain's two biggest lenders combined following an explosion of people working from home.

Wizz Air is pushing for more landing slots at Gatwick, insisting it would be able to create 5,000 jobs.

The taxpayer bailout of Great Western Railway will continue into next summer – a sign of the havoc coronavirus is wreaking on Britain’s rail networks.

As travel to the US is virtually non-existent at present, the recent surge of the pound against the dollar barely has been noticed.

The Footsie has reclaimed 79 points today after hitting its lowest level in three months yesterday, partly helped by a weaker pound.

Virgin Atlantic’s £1.2billion rescue has been signed off by a High Court judge.

European competition authorities have launched an investigation into the right granted by Belgium to Ladbrokes to operate virtual betting in the country.

Australia is in recession for the first time in almost 30 years after coronavirus curbs paralysed business activity.

Switzerland's financial regulator is investigating the spying scandal at Credit Suisse.

The ex-wife of Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has become the richest woman in the world after the astonishing rise in the company’s share price.

The vital importance of Britain’s usually reclusive IT geeks during the Covid crisis has been underlined once again by Computacenter.

The boss of one of Britain’s biggest housebuilders has insisted the rally in the property market has further to run after reporting a surge in demand for new homes.

Burberry has won a £573,000 PPE contract after donating gowns to the NHS.

The crisis engulfing Boeing and Airbus intensified as another major customer asked to push back orders for more planes.

A dating app that lets women make the first move is planning to go public in a float worth up to £6billion.

Forgetting to carry cash will no longer be an excuse not to tip, as a cashless tipping app is raising money to expand across the UK and the US.

TV licence collector Capita is being circled by private equity barons, the Mail can reveal.

The FTSE 100 index closed down 1.52 per cent or 90.09 points to 5,850.86 today, while US markets are also a seat of red after officials published new jobless data.

Chancellor Rishi Sunak's Eat Out to Help Out scheme helpedRevolution Barsto an 188 per cent year on year sales surge last month.

Lidl has launched its first ever smartphone loyalty rewards app, promising shoppers discounts on its own-brand products, cinema tickets and Sky TV packages.

British investors were caught in the crosshairs of a sharp sell-off in technology stocks that rocked US markets.

Prices must remain 'enticing' to attract cautious holidaymakers as more countries are added to the UK's coronavirus quarantine list, Jet2's owner said.

GlaxoSmithKline has stepped up its battle against Covid-19 with clinical trials of a potential vaccine it is developing with French drug maker Sanofi.

Ofgem has fined SSE £2m fine for a power plant error.

A roster of big-name investors has backed The Hut Group as it plans to list on the stock market for £4.5billion.

John Lewis will sell more pyjamas, comfortable clothes and high-end sportswear from Stella McCartney in a bid to 'modernise' its brands.

Ocado staff will have to wait a bit longer for Marks & Spencer's famous Percy Pig sweets to be delivered to their front door.

Sinking back into a socially-distanced leather seat at a safe distance from other customers and having to slip off your mask to tuck into the popcorn: going to the pictures is certainly different post-lockdown.

Shares in troubled Capita jumped after the Daily Mail revealed that private equity suitors were eyeing the firm.

Melrose Industries is set to make sweeping job cuts at GKN's aerospace business by Christmas after losses spiralled in the first six months of the year due to Covid-19.

In company news today, four major housebuilders, namely Barratt Developments, Countryside Properties, Persimmon Homes and Taylor Wimpey face action from the Competition and Markets Authority.

IAG'snew boss will take the helm next week as the airline industry reels from the biggest crisis in its history.

The boss of Debenhams has warned they will close sites in deserted city centres unless workers return to the office soon.

Thirteen businessmen including a former energy minister are being sued for £178million to recover cash lost by victims in a major savings scandal.

The construction sector suffered a 'setback' as growth stalled in August.

One of Britain's best-known private equity barons will make £50million when The Hut Group floats this month.

Technology stocks suffered fresh losses last night in a further sign that their extraordinary rally has run out of steam.

Shares in four of Britain's biggest housebuilders were knocked after regulators threatened them with court action.

A top official at the Bank of England said it was 'quite likely' that the Covid-hit economy would need more stimulus to offset what may be years of social distancing and the growing risk of post-Brexit trade barriers.

Pret A Manger has rapidly become the corporate emblem of ghost town Britain.

Nightclubs are preparing to axe thousands of jobs as the industry faces collapse, The Mail on Sunday can reveal.

Supermarket giant Morrisons is poised to slash the price of hundreds of products as the industry braces for a major price war this autumn.

The chairman of the department store chain Debenhams has said its biggest city centre stores are 'vulnerable' to closure without a large-scale Government intervention to avert disaster.

The future of fashion chain New Look is on a knife edge after a group of major landlords 'flatly rejected' its rescue plan.

John Lewis is considering plans to open a Waitrose foodhall in its 143-year-old Peter Jones store on the King's Road – potentially turning the entire ground floor into a supermarket.

Two eye hospital firms could be on the brink of changing hands for hundreds of millions of pounds.

The former owner of fashion chain Jaeger has escalated his bitter legal battle against Lloyds Bank and one of Britain's best known financiers.

Ageas isn't a particularly familiar name to many British investors – except, perhaps, those who like cricket.

Dividends paid by companies listed on AIM will fall by at least a third this year in another blow to retail investors.

Spending returned to pre-lockdown levels in July as Britons spruced up their gardens and, by August, ventured out for a meal.

Almost one in five small businesses do not believe they would survive a new lockdown, a survey found.

Mortgage borrowers have been dealt another blow after two major banks heavily restricted how much they will lend to homebuyers.

Primark expects to rake in £2billion worth of sales by the end of the year since reopening its stores in June.

Ailing Pizza Express has confirmed it plans to permanently shut 73 of its restaurants, putting 1,100 jobs at risk.

The independence of The Hut Group's board directors has been called into question as it gears up for the first major stock market float in the UK since the Covid crisis struck.

Sterling fell sharply on global currency markets after Brexit tensions exploded back into the open.

Thomas Cook’s Chinese owner plans to relaunch the 178-year-old brand in the midst of the biggest crisis the tourism industry has ever seen.

Markets started the week on the front foot as pharmaceuticals firms large and small made strides in the battle to beat Covid-19.

Cycling retailer Halfords has saidhigher sales of electric bikes and e-scooters, as well as the rising number of domestic holidays, boosted its trade over the summer period.

Shoppers could have saved themselves nearly £40 buying a trolley-load of goods at Aldi rather than Waitrose last month, new research by consumer group Which?

Tesla shares fell almost 20 per cent in early trading - taking losses since last week's record high to 33 per cent.

Oil majors were on the back foot as the price of Brent crude tumbled below $40 a barrel for the first time since June.

The owner of British Airways faced a shareholder revolt over boardroom pay as it secured a £2.5billion lifeline to help it survive the biggest crisis in its history.

Royal Mail has warned union bosses it will never make a profit again unless they back plans to modernise the business.

Lloyds Bank has been given a slap on the wrist for forcing small businesses who were desperate for an emergency coronavirus loan to open an account with them.

Three former G4S employees have been charged with defrauding the Ministry of Justice over an electronic tagging scandal.

The mass closure of bars, pubs and restaurants hit tonic sales at mixer maker Fever-Tree, despite rising demand for cocktails at home.

High street fashion chainQuizis keeping 15 of its shops permanently closed as it battles to turn its fortunes around via a major restructuring.

A pullback in Tesla shares after the meteoric rise over recent weeks was inevitable.

More than 125,000 jobs have been axed on Britain's high streets in the first eight months of 2020, a shock report reveals.

Most people might think that developing a rival to the London Stock Exchange (LSE) is an impossible task – especially now.

The founder of baker Cake Box has cashed in £6.4million of shares after reporting roaring lockdown sales.

Tesla boss Elon Musk clawed back some of his losses last night after seeing £12.6billion wiped off his fortune in just one day.

There was more gloom for the FTSE 250 as the Government's 'rule of six' policy sent investors fleeing from pub, leisure and travel stocks.

THE fashion giant behind Louis Vuitton has pulled out of a blockbuster £12.4bn takeover of Tiffany – sparking a bitter legal battle.

The future of the boss of Rio Tinto was hanging in the balance last night as the crisis over the destruction of two 46,000-year-old Aboriginal cave shel- ters intensified.

SupermarketMorrisonshas taken a £155million hit to its profits as a result of the coronavirus pandemic, fresh figures show.

Commuters caught up in South Western Railway's lengthy industrial action last year have until the end of this month to claim compensation.

The Nottingham-based manufacturer said its sales were around £90million between June and August compared to £78million over the same period last year.

Talks on a trade deal between Britain and the EU are getting increasingly fraught and this has implications for investors.

Dixons Carphonesaw sales of electrical items purchased online triple at the peak of lockdown, its latest update reveals.

Rio Tinto boss Jean-Sebastien Jacques has quit following crisis talks over the destruction of two 46,000-year-old Aboriginal cave shelters.

Thousands of British Airways cabin crew face a crunch vote in the coming days over whether to accept pay cuts to help the airline survive the Covid-19 crisis.

Morrisons hailed the 'renaissance of British supermarkets' as it posted its best sales figures for 16 years.

Shares in Warhammer maker Games Workshop soared as it said it had beaten forecasts again.

A British woman is about to become the First Lady of Wall Street.

BP has broken into the offshore wind market as it battles to go green.

SirTerry Leahy has emerged as one of the major winners from the £5.4billion float Sir Terry Leahy has emerged as one of the major winners from the £5.4billion float of The Hut Group.

There is no pause as Itsu founder Julian Metcalfe answers how his sushi empire is faring in the wake of the pandemic: 'It's been completely decimated.'

The hospitality sector saw a strong surge in demand last month as patrons took advantage of the Eat Out to Help Out Scheme to frequent restaurants, pubs and cafes.

The introduction of the six-person limit on gatherings in England on Monday could lead to the pubs sector suffering a 'long and painful' winter, one publican told This is Money.

It has been a torrid time for Royal Mail shareholders since the stock peaked at over 630p a little over two years ago.

The shamed boss of Rio Tinto could be paid more than £3,000 a day for another year despite being forced out over the destruction of sacred Aboriginal caves.

Heathrow's boss has warned Covid quarantine restrictions are 'strangling the economy' as passenger numbers plunged more than 80 per cent last month.

Hipgnosis has snapped up the music catalogue of Chrissie Hynde, one of the founding members of The Pretenders.

Hundreds of traders and sales staff at JPMorgan will be returning to London's business districts this month as the banking giant ordered more workers to return to the office.

Struggling Aviva is selling its Singapore arm for £1.6billion as new boss Amanda Blanc fights to turn the company around.

Deloitte's UK audit operations will have a standalone board from January to meet regulatory requirements aimed at improving industry standards after a string of company failures.

Two people have been arrested over a suspected £70,000 furlough fraud.

The Hut Group faced fresh questions over governance after the company revealed one of the country's best-known private equity barons would be overseeing its pay policy.

Controversial video app TikTok is poised to reach more than 8.5million users in the UK this year despite growing fears about the Chinese-owned platform.

A couple who started a bike hire service from their London flat four years ago have drawn up plans to grow their business tenfold.

Ryanair is braced for a pay rebellion this week over a €458,000 (£424,000) bonus for chief executive Michael O'Leary.

A British start-up that lets car owners charge their passengers for rides is helping the drive to get commuters back to work.

Car sales will not recover to pre-crisis levels until the middle of this decade, according to credit ratings giant Moody's.

Tough new restrictions to halt the spread of coronavirus may push unemployment to levels not seen since current records began almost 50 years ago, experts have warned.

The Treasury has held talks with dozens of retail chiefs over the future of the high street, raising hopes Chancellor Rishi Sunak could step in to avert a deepening crisis.

Ocado sales could exceed £2billion for the first time this year after customers flocked to order food from its new partner Marks & Spencer.

Hedge funds have been caught out by Royal Mail's share price rally after the company surprised the market with its performance during the pandemic.

Hotelier Sir Rocco Forte is a cheerleader for Boris Johnson and Brexit, but the Government's handling of the coronavirus crisis has tested his loyalty.

A first-round victory in London's High Court may open the floodgates to billions of dollars' worth of claims against Lebanon's crisis-torn banking system.

A multi-billion swoop for Asda could deepen a price war between Britain's supermarkets this Christmas, sources have revealed.

Britain's biggest technology company is poised to be sold to a US rival in a highly controversial $40billion takeover.

British Airways boss Alex Cruz is facing a showdown with MPs this week over its plans to axe 13,000 jobs and slash pay as it battles for survival.

Ministers are under pressure to intervene in the £30billion takeover of British chip-maker Arm Holdings.

Retail and hospitality businesses face a 'bloodbath' of failures as landlords prepare to call in unpaid rent from lockdown.

Car makers across the UK and the EU are urging politicians to secure a Brexit trade deal to avoid 'catastrophic' losses.

Landlords offering bigger rental properties in the countryside have become more sought after as tenants are now increasingly seeking to upsize properties in quieter neighbourhoods.

Australian politicians are putting pressure on Rio Tinto to appoint someone from the country as its next chief executive, after the destruction of a 46,000-year-old Aboriginal site sparked a major backlash.

A company co-founded by President Trump ally Larry Ellison is buying into the US operations of Tik Tok.

European stock exchange owner Euronext has tabled an offer to buy the Borsa Italiana from the London Stock Exchange (LSE).

BP has backed plans to bring forward a ban on the sale of new petrol and diesel cars in the UK.

A new service promises to bring the fitting room to your door – with an assistant delivering the latest fashion in a variety of sizes that you can try on before buying.

Scandal-prone G4S has accused a private equity backed Canadian rival of exploiting the coronavirus crisis to mount a £3billion hostile takeover bid.

The £30billion takeover of Arm by US rival Nvidia will 'destroy' its business model, the company's founder has warned.

It was a choppy start to the week for Wetherspoons investors as traders digested an update about Covid infections and the ‘rule of six’ restrictions.

Tenants are increasingly snubbing inner-city rental hotspots in favour of commuter zones and small towns close to major cities as fewer trips to the office are expected to remain part of the new normal.

Shoppers have flocked to order more food from Ocado's new partner, Marks & Spencer, than they did from Waitrose, the online grocer-cum-tech company said.

Aerospace firm Chemring Group has said it expects profits to be at the upper end of its forecast after receiving higher orders for products in its sensors and information division.

One of Britain's biggest online travel agents has ditched its Association of British Travel Agents membership over the association's refund policy.

Shares in First Group revved up as the struggling bus and rail firm said it expects to make a small profit for the first half of the year.

Thomas Cook is to rise from the ashes of the coronavirus crisis as a Chinese-owned online holiday business.

Pressure is mounting on ministers to intervene in the £30billion sale of Britain's largest tech company Arm.

Buy now, pay later firm Klarna has become Europe’s highest-valued fintech firm, at £8billion.

The pandemic delivered the deepest and swiftest American downturn in modern history in the first half of 2020, with unemployment soaring to 22m and output plunging.

BHP chief executive Mike Henry raked in £4.7million during his first six months.

Hitachi is set to ditch plans for a power station in North Wales, in another major setback for Britain's ailing nuclear programme.

Thousands of British businesses are set for lifeline payouts after winning a landmark court victory against insurers.

Shares in Ocado hit a record high after the online grocer revealed Marks & Spencer's products have been more popular with customers than Waitrose's were.

The FTSE 100 closed down 27.06 points at 6078.48 and the pound was at $1.30 against the dollar.

Television viewers hooked on the latest series of Strike will have watched the fictional detective lurking at his haunts on Denmark Street, a small, colourful thoroughfare off London's Charing Cross.

Dividend-starved shareholders were given good news yesterday after two British building firms vowed to bring back their payouts next year.

China has emerged as a potential opponent to the American takeover of British chip maker Arm.

Two deadly Boeing 737 Max crashes were the ‘horrific culmination’ of engineering, mismanagement and oversight lapses that allowed the company to hide flaws, a report says.

The Government could hasten approval of a nuclear power station at Sizewell in Suffolk after a project in Wales fell through.

Wall Street sensation Snowflake more than doubled in value last night within minutes of its debut on the stock market.

The Hut Group has soared on its stock market debut – instantly inflating the fortunes of its multi-millionaire backers.

The Co-op said it will open 50 new supermarkets in the second half of the year after 'exceptional' demand for food during the coronavirus pandemic lifted sales.

The manager of the £1.4billion M&G Recovery Fund Tom Dobell is stepping down after two decades at the helm following many years of poor returns.

Accountancy giant Deloitte has been handed a record £15million fine over failings in its audit of British software group Autonomy before it was sold to Hewlett Packard in a blockbuster deal.

A billionaire investor known as the 'Czech Sphinx' has become the fourth-largest shareholder in Sainsbury's.

P&O Cruises has cancelled all its 2020 sailings.

Sir Richard Branson has revealed plans for a £300million 'blank cheque' company to help expand his Virgin empire.

Britain's biggest store chains are pinning their hopes on a bumper Christmas despite fears that strict measures to stop a second wave of coronavirus could devastate business.

Being a fast mover in the battle to beat Covid has paid off for Novacyt, a biotechnology tiddler listed on AIM that few retail investors had heard of at the start of the year.

The London Stock Exchange said it has entered exclusive talks with France's Euronext after weighing up several offers for its Borsa Italiana business.

Ryanair faced an investor revolt over fat-cat pay as the industry reels from the Covid-19 pandemic.

Budget airlineEasyJethas announced that Tui executive Kenton Jarvis will become the company's chief financial officer.

Shares in companies that would suffer in a second lockdown plunged as ministers warned 'circuit-break' restrictions could come into force within weeks.

Rightmove boss Peter Brooks-Johnson sold £1.1million of shares in the FTSE 100-listed property site group.

Gemfields swung to a loss as Covid-19 shut its mines and cancelled crucial gem auctions.

Up to 10,000 UK jobs could be lost if the Sizewell C nuclear plant in Suffolk does not go ahead, businesses and trade unions have warned.

A mining company that has found world-leading reserves of lithium in Cornish hot springs is planning to go public in the next two years.

Households continued to splash out last month as the economy showed signs of recovery after lockdown.

The London Stock Exchange's £21billion takeover of data powerhouse Refinitiv inched closer after the bourse kicked off exclusive talks to sell its Italian arm.

Pearson has been rocked by an embarrassing shareholder revolt over a lavish pay packet handed to its new boss.

Nvidia's boss has promised to give 'legally binding' guarantees on jobs if his company's takeover of British rival Arm is approved.

The boss of Britain's biggest casino complex has warned that a 10pm curfew would be 'disastrous' for night-time industries.

The American software giant buying Britain's biggest technology company is willing to make legally-binding commitments to keep its tax revenues in the UK, The Mail on Sunday can reveal.

Britain's top economist has called on the Government to spearhead a tech revolution for millions of firms, creating a 'faster and smarter' economy as the country fights its way back from the Covid-19 crisis.

Rolls-Royce is on the cusp of launching an emergency fundraising to tap shareholders for between £2billion and £2.5billion.

A US activist investor has wagered £115million on a stake in William Hill, fuelling speculation that it could push for a sale of the British bookmaker.

Simon Dolan, the multi-millionaire entrepreneur challenging the Government's lockdown in the High Court, divides opinion.

Thousands of British Airways cabin crew have voted to accept pay cuts as the firm battles to survive.

The race to buy supermarket giant Asda could be decided as soon as this week, say sources close to the deal.

Home working by bank staff has been blamed for causing a massive backlog of mortgage applications that is hammering first-time buyers and delaying house purchases by up to a month.

The taxman is being given new powers to seize bank customers' financial details without their consent.

Brokers are expecting a clamour for shares in The Hut Group today as the firm begins trading in full on the stock market.

President Trump has given his 'blessing' to a deal which will allow Chinese social media app TikTok to continue operating in the US.

A law firm is weighing legal action against 12 more insurers over failing to pay out business interruption claims to small companies.

The future of British tech giant Arm is hanging in the balance as MPs prepare to debate its controversial sale to a US rival.

Recovery in the UK's tourism and recreation industry outpaced the global average last month, Lloyds Bank has found.

Shares in Superdry sank by 10.6 per cent today as the clothing brand announced it had almost doubled its losses in the financial year ending 25 April 2020.

Fat-cat bonuses should be scrapped except in 'exceptional' circumstances, an influential shareholder advisory service has said.

Shell plans to make sweeping cuts at its oil and gas production business to free up cash it can invest in renewable energy.

The Canadian group gunning to buy G4S for £3billion has asked to meet ministers in an effort to win their support for the deal.

Transport groups started the week in reverse after the Government scrapped the rail franchising model which has been in place since the 1990s.

HSBC has been warned it could be bombarded by legal claims after leaked files indicated the bank had allowed criminals to launder money.

Business leaders last night pleaded with Boris Johnson for more support as fears of more lockdowns wiped £52billion off the value of Britain's biggest firms.

Unilever is a step closer to establishing a sole UK headquarters after Dutch shareholders backed the consolidation plans.

KPMG is in the firing line again after regulators delivered a critical report on its audits of Carillion before the construction group's dramatic failure.

Financier Lord Spencer has doubled down on his investment in a technology company shaking up the bond market.

Hipgnosis wants to raise £250m so it can go on a spending spree.

B&Q owner Kingfisher's results were given a boost from home and improvement boom as well as its new 'click and collect' model as it reported 62 per cent rise in pre-tax profits today.

Holiday makers will not be spoilt for choice this winter as travel giant Tui has announced further cuts to winter capacity due to changing restrictions as a second wave of Covid-19 hits the UK and other parts of Europe.

US private equity giant Apollo is in position to snap up Asda after its rival Lone Star backed out of the race at the 11th hour.

Shares in Whitbread slammed into reverse as the staycation boom and Eat Out to Help Out scheme failed to stop a slump in bookings during the pandemic.

Platinum Equity, one of the potential buyers for breakdown business AA, has withdrawn from the race three weeks after a deadline for bids was extended.

Former high-flying railway station and airport cafe and food operator SSP has unveiled a £1.3billion hit to revenues and confirmed 'considerable' job losses as lockdown and a slump in travel wiped out sales.

This pandemic has been much worse for the elderly, who have borne the overwhelming brunt of the deaths.

The Bank of England has admitted to a string of failures which allowed a tech company to 'misuse' a secret audio feed of its press conferences.

Supermarket giants and retailers have been named among the worst offenders when it comes to hiring women on their boards.

More than £15billion was wiped off the value of Tesla after boss Elon Musk's promise to make a genuinely affordable electric car in three years failed to impress investors.

Hornby enjoyed a lockdown boost, as housebound families turned to hobbies to entertain themselves.

The AA skidded into the red after two potential suitors pulled out of the race to buy the breakdown group.

Supercar maker McLaren is mulling plans to float on the stock market in 2022 if business can bounce back from the coronavirus slump.

Venezuelan president Nicolas Maduro's attempt to access £800million worth of gold stored in the Bank of England's vaults has been heard by the Court of Appeal.

Retail sales are growing at their fastest rate in 18 months thanks to a boom in spending on food and the home, a survey has revealed.

Promise of a dividend at Smiths Group was not enough to put the engineering group in investors' good books.

Rolls-Royce has insisted it is months away from its first attempt at breaking the 300mph record for the world’s fastest electric aeroplane.

Plans to restore rail and bus services to normality have been ditched by one of Britain's biggest transport operators because of fresh coronavirus restrictions.

It is difficult to know whether serial entrepreneur Hugh Osmond's timing is awful or inspired.

Kuwait's sovereign wealth fund was last night said to be in talks about buying a stake inRolls-Royce.

Superdry'sfounder and boss Julian Dunkerton shelled out around £1.36million on shares this week.

Mike Ashley spent nearly £2million on travel by helicopter and commercial jet last year, accounts reveal.

British billionaire Sir Jim Ratcliffe has become an official resident of Monaco, joining a host of other tycoons to relocate to the tax haven.

West End landlordShaftesburyhas scrapped its dividend amid fears that further coronavirus restrictions are set to hammer the High Street.

Gambling tycoons Fred and Peter Done hit the jackpot yesterday as a bidding war forWilliam Hilladded £60million to the value of their stake in the firm.

Furious MPs yesterday demanded the resignation ofBoohoo'sbosses after an explosive report blasted the appalling treatment of workers in its Leicester clothes factories.

Hospitality businesses will start making thousands of job cuts from tomorrow, The Mail on Sunday can reveal.

Two of Britain's biggest banks have signalled they are ready to start paying dividends again – just as the economy faces huge damage from lockdown measures and soaring job losses.

Steve Hare, the boss of one of Britain's largest technology companies, takes a deep breath as he prepares to answer one of the great conundrums about his sector: how can the UK create its first trillion dollar tech giant?

So it turns out two companies are having a flutter on William Hill.

Two American law firms have started building class action law suits against HSBC and Standard Chartered following allegations the banking giants failed to crack down on money laundering.

Rolls-Royce is poised to tap investors for £2.5billion at a steep discount to the current share price to solve its funding crisis, The Mail on Sunday understands.

Tech Nation – the Government-backed technology industry body – has beefed up its board as it strives to help the economy recover from the coronavirus crisis.

A Treasury Minister has given banks the all-clear to turn down borrowers who took loan repayment 'holidays' during lockdown.

Supermarket giant Sainsbury's is extending delivery times in a move that will mean it has almost doubled capacity for online grocery orders in just six months.

Two former Pizza Express chiefs are snapping up cut-price high street sites as they spot the biggest expansion opportunity for 25 years.

Southern Water has paid its chief executive Ian McAulay a £538,100 bonus despite reporting an 'unacceptable' rise in pollution across its network.

One of Boohoo's co-founders has been accused of giving misleading information to Parliament over the appalling conditions at its clothes factories.

The property market's mini-boom has continued throughout the summer, with more homes sold above asking price, but economists say there are signs it may be beginning to lose steam.

Angry small shareholders have criticised Saga's plans to raise a £150m lifeline.

Just nine orders for commercial aircraft were placed globally last month, making it the worst August ever.

Royal London and rival financial services firm LV= are in talks about a £500m tie-up.

Pizza Hut has been pulled from the brink and thousands of jobs have been saved as its creditors and landlords have agreed to its proposed restructuring plan.

Two self-made billionaire brothers from the North of England have stunned the City by moving into pole position to buy Asda.

BT has told ministers it cannot complete an upgrade of Britain's broadband network before 2033 without tax breaks and a bonfire of red tape.

A Las Vegas casino operator has emerged as the frontrunner to buy William Hill, making a £3bn bid.

Multi-millionaire hedge fund boss Crispin Odey has appeared in court to deny groping a junior banker at his Chelsea home.

Diageo has toasted a 'good start' to its financial year after notching up strong sales in the US.

HSBC shares enjoyed their best daily surge for more than a decade after a Chinese investor ramped up its stake in the embattled British bank.

Aldi has pledged to create another 4,000 jobs as part of its plans to open 100 stores by the end of next year.

Hotel Chocolat has signed a five-year deal with the technology arm of e-commerce giant The Hut Group to expand its reach in the United States.

Around 60,000 Britons lost access to cash during the lockdown due to mass closures of bank branches and cash machines, research shows.

The thousands of savers who entrusted almost £120million of their money to Wellesley Finance could hardly fail to have been impressed by the lineage of its founder, the 8th Earl Cowley, an aristocrat descended from the Duke of Wellington's brother.

Two brothers set to cash in from the £3billion sale of William Hill may also swoop on its British shops.

Plumbing giant Ferguson has brought back its dividend after a stronger than expected recovery from the coronavirus crisis.

LVMH has claimed Tiffany & Co's 'catastrophic' performance and 'dismal' prospects are to blame for the possible collapse of a £12.6billion takeover.

Bank of England chief economist Andy Haldane has claimed that brandishing excessively 'chicken licken' views about the impact of the pandemic could end up hurting the country's economy more than necessary.

A new drive to increase the numbers of black, Asian and ethnic minority directors sitting on the boards of UK companies is being launched today.

Tesco's new boss takes over today with shares languishing – and online rival Ocado nipping at its heels.

Investors stuck in Neil Woodford's doomed Equity Income Fund could be waiting at least another year to get their money back.

G4S has come under fire from a Canadian rival mounting a £3billion hostile takeover bid.

Shell is axing up to 9,000 jobs as it grapples with a slump in demand for fuel and a shift to green energy.

